1.
The Intergalactic Federation just finished the 11-Delta-X Entrepreneurship summit. As members of the
Federation are pouring out of the Headquarters, you can hear an excited murmur. They are discussing
a pale blue dot of a planet in the Orion Arm of the Milky Way Galaxy. It has been voted the most suitable
planet to launch a business venture. Earth.
Earth, with its constantly emerging business accelerators and crowdfunding campaigns. With its mass
quantities of inspired educated young people. With its engineering talent. Earth, your home planet.
You were born there 29 years ago, and your name is Alex Field. As it also happens, you are the main
character here.
"I should go back" -- you think -- "I should go back, and build a legacy. Tari has been wanting to return
to Earth for a while now, ever since Ari was born."
"We can start something meaningful."
You go back to the Pale Blue Dot.
Go to (2).
2.
America. The land of opportunities. You haven't been paying much attention to the doings and
happenings of the past 11 years, and coming home is a bit of a shock. Tari can't remember the last time
she saw you this wide-eyed.
The cab-ride to your new home is an endless stream of "Oohs!" and "Look at that's!". You know it's no
11-Delta-X but considering what the state of things was when you left, this is Ooh!worthy, no question
there.
Your house is a New York City brownstone, tucked in tightly between two large concrete buildings.
"These weren't there before", you think, looking at the enormous neighbors, "but, oh, man, do I love
the character contrast."
As you set your bags down, and put Ari to sleep, you start to itch to go out into the city; so new, so
buzzing, so full of opportunities. You yearn to drink from the fountain of inspiration the Big Apple is.
The Big Apple. It would have been disastrous if you returned and the only cash you had with you was
11-Delta-X currency. But you were smart when you were young. Remember the late 90’s, when the
cryptocurrency hype was not even big? You sensed it coming. Or you were incredibly lucky and
unreasonably brave with your hard-earned 12,000 American dollars. Returning the balls at a bowling
alley was a lot of work, no, really! Regardless, investing the money in BitCoin is paying off now. You
have $2.7 million worth of pocket money (okay, starting capital). Whew. Truly.
Tari is all ready to go, and snaps you out of reminiscence. You call in a sitter, and off you go.
Go to Times Square.
Go to (37).
Go to Rockefeller Center.
Go to (14).
0
3.
Bummer.
sparkl. moved on to creating other opportunities for themselves. In a month, you hear they have
merged with another competitor company.
'That's not a big deal' you think, 'it only goes to show they were desperate to cut costs, and weren't
stable on their own.'
But their results suggest otherwise. The new company is a lot stronger than Draxxon Glass is and they
have started switching some of your key accounts to themselves.
Oh no, one of your suppliers is also switching sides.
"They are working with higher volumes", the supplier representative shrugs you off.
Deduct 22 of Money and 7 of each Productivity, and Prestige.
Move on to 1. Should we take charge of more activities throughout the value chain?
(30).
Move on to 3. Should we switch suppliers to receive better quality products?
Go to
Go to (84).
If you have exhausted all points on the agenda, and your business is water-related, move on to (76); if
it is jewelry, go to (142).
4.
You think your idea is a genuinely good one, but Tari wants to be a 100% certain you're not making a
flop with one of your first decisions.
'Yeah, that's about the same line of thinking I had, but do you want to call Geoff, he works as a venture
capitalist, and see if he's happy with the direction we're setting?'
Tari expects an answer.
'I don't see how that could hurt.'
Go to (130).
'No, thanks, Tari, I don't want to ask your old friends for help at this stage -- we are still at conception,
we'll look childish.’
Go to (125).
Paintings! Plants!  Beanbag chair.
Projector and a canvas.
5.
No console yet, but you're no Squarespace just yet. Their offices are cool, with a capital c.
Simone and the team are noticeably happier to call the office theirs, and energy levels are up. Going
for 8 hours strong no longer feels like a stretch.
You could have done this at the beginning and saved some cash, but better late than never!
1
Add 5 Productivity points, and deduct 19 Money points.
You officially did all the shopping any sensible (and not so sensible) manager could do in a day. Move
on.
Set up your website.
Set up the logistics.
Go to (40).
Go to (28).
If you've done all of that, and your business is water-related, continue the game on (31); if it is jewelry,
continue on (111).
6.
Draxxon Glass continues to grow as usual.
Deduct... no, of course not; there is no punishment for good decisions. Your relationship with your
suppliers becomes stronger and communication is improved. Efficiency increases, price volatility is
minimized, and everyone benefits. Ideas flow both ways and operations are constantly improving.
Add 17 Money, 4 Productivity, and 2 Prestige points.
Move on to point 2. Should we merge with another start-up?
Go to (67).
Move on to point 3.  Should we switch suppliers to receive better quality products?
(84).
Go to
If you have exhausted all points on the agenda and your business is water-related, move on to (76); if
it is jewelry, go to (142).
7.
"Three for two means you never need to queue" reads the ad sparkl. released. It's everywhere now:
Spotify, Facebook, local TV, Instagram. It builds on the canon before/after contrast and emphasizes the
time you waste waiting around water dispensers. In split screen they show it leads to not completing
tasks on time and staying late hours, instead of being out with friends. Their selling point is not saving
money, it's saving time, and time is the real currency today. Smart approach.
Your customers think so, too. Or should you say their customers.
Deduct 18 Money points, bow your head in shame for missing out a giant opportunity, and continue to
(93).
8.
Add 17 Money, and 4 Productivity; it’s nice to have someone to turn to.
'Alex, hi, what's up, spit it out', Geoff picks up, clearly delighted you called.
'Geoff, I need a Mentor. We're in the process of setting up the logistics and things are... Let's say I have
questions.' You spit it out.
2

'Yeah? No problem!', he sounds genuine. 'You need delivery organized, I assume. That's great. The way
I see it, you have two options: get a few massive vehicles and cover a lot of clients quickly, or get smaller
trucks and make more back-and-forths. Option two is considerably cheaper. I am not a huge fan of
complex schedules, but you're getting started. Efficiency and price are big variables for you.'
'Exactly!', you agree enthusiastically.
You wait to see if Geoff will say more, but he's leaving you with the two options. Well, that at least
simplifies things.
What do you choose?
Three large commercial vans; the more expensive but also the BIGGER option.` If your business is
water, go to (50); if it is jewelry, go to (128).
Two smaller minivans; the cheaper option, and you can make up for the size in number of trips made.
If your business is water, go to (34); if it is jewelry, go to (119).
9.
‘Kh-kh.’ You hear a voice as if both inside your head, and outside. It’s a mighty, all-encompassing sound.
It reminds you of the voice of God, played by Morgan Freeman. Chills run down your spine.
‘Water dispensers and cooling systems with a premium design, of premium quality, with a premium
audience (think Beyonce, and Elon Musk) are not a thing. Especially if they are sold and marketed
online. Not that these people do not go online, they just have the celebrity internet, and on the celebrity
internet there are no water service websites.
What you want to do cannot be done, Alex.
Game over.’
10.
You take the train into the city and get off at Penn Station. The second office is a block away. It's missing
the Brooklyn culture versatility but it makes up for it in Krispy Kreme shops, tall glass buildings and a lot
of foot traffic. This place is alive in a different way.
The premises are noticeably smaller than the Brooklyn office. But space is always scarce in the city
center, you knew that. But what they lack in space, they make up in character. Colourful carpets, walls,
floor to ceiling windows, airspace furniture.
Parking might be tricky, you think.
'I assume, what I see is what I get?', you ask, just to make sure.
'I'm afraid so. But if you would really like to have extra space, again, for storage', the agent continues,
'and you can afford it, I am pretty sure we can figure out how to get there.'
'Yeah, thanks.'
You need to decide.
3
If you think the space in Brooklyn is the better investment, and your business is water-related, go to
(49); if it is jewelry, go to (126).
If you would like to make an offer for the Penn Station office, and your business is water-related, go to
(41); if it is jewelry, go to (122).
11.
You think your idea is a genuinely good one, but Tari wants to be a 100% certain you're not making a
flop with one of your first decisions.
'Yeah, that's about the same line of thinking I had, but do you want to call Geoff, he works as a venture
capitalist, and see if he's happy with the direction we're setting?'  Tari expects an answer.
'I don't see how that could hurt.'
Go to (51).
'No, thanks, Tari, I don't feel comfortable asking your old friends for help -- we are still at conception,
we'll look pretty helpless, won't we.’
Go to (45).
12.
Miss Milch did not emit an air of trustworthiness, and she was the only one you could track down from
the database.
Deduct 2 Productivity from your resources.
You now need to set up the logistics yourself. Again, sitting down (you like sitting), holding a pen to a
piece of paper (you like pens and pieces of paper), you start to plan.
DRAXXON GLASS PROJECTED
Miles travelled per month:
Cost of travelling per mile:
Clients serviced per month:
Clients serviced per vehicle:
10,000
73 cents
7,200
2,400
Average distance between clients:
1.4 miles
'This makes sense', you think out loud to yourself, because you know a good manager is a good
communicator.’
'I just need to choose a truck model, make, size, and quantity.'
Easy.
What are you going to choose?
Three large commercial vans; the more expensive but also the BIGGER option.
Go to (50).
4
Two minivans; the cheaper but more mobile, city-friendly option. You can make up for the size in
number of trips made. Go to (34).
13.
After a more in-depth investigation into the matter, your biggest rival, the analysis shows, is bubl. A
company that offers systems for DIY water carbonation. That doesn't really put a hand on your client
list. It looks like bubbl. is doing B2C even.
'Ah, I'll sleep soundly tonight'. Again with that Alex humor.
You didn't lose energy over a fictitious threat.
Add 16 Money and 3 Productivity points.
If you haven't been on (97), go to (97).
Otherwise, go to (68).
14.
'Sometimes my choices truly are bizarre, aren't they?' you ask Tari, 'Why on Earth (haha, pun) did I think
Rockefeller Center won't be an informational overload. This won't do much to stimulate our business
idea stimulation I don't think...'
'Oh, come on now, don't be such a drama queen, Alex', Tari chuckles amused, 'I am sure we can find at
least one thing you'd like to do. Rockefeller. Center.' She spreads her arms. 'Just close your eyes and
point at something. You do it enough times and we're bound to find something that strikes Your fancy,...
Your Highness.'
'Hahaha, right. Leave our livelihood to chance, is that what you're offering?' You are not even trying to
hide the little sparkle in your eyes, you are having fun - this is absurd, but you're good at absurd. 'Shall
I do a little spin before pointing first, Tari, we might even knock the hat off a completely unsuspecting
tourist while we're at it!'
'Sure, sure. Need a hand to accelerate and make it worthwhile? Just point, Alex, go ahead, we have a
future to ridiculously select.'
You put a hand over your eyes, stretch out the other in an overly pronounced manner - 'What a majestic
pointer dog I've been living with!' Tari retorts, and gives you a spin.
No accidents - not a single eye poked out, or a cheek bruised.
'So? What am I pointing at?'
'Check for yourself...'
You peek through your fingers and laugh aloud, half-sarcastically.
'A water dispenser? Really? And I did that all by myself? How opportune!', you tease.
'Destiny works in mysterious ways, Alex, don't go on making unjust assumptions, now...', Tari laughs.
5
You frown a little. All in good tone, but is Tari really taking this so lightly? You can't just jump into a
random business idea -- and you don't really have an idea at all, do you? What are you going to do, start
selling water, no. Not water. Water services. You can try to distribute water, and install water
dispensers. You can do that online, too, you realise... 'We can set up an e-commerce store for water
dispensers and coolers.', it strikes you. Not as glamorous as selling Aston Martins, but a solid idea.
Consider in all seriousness to set up an e-commerce site for water dispensers and coolers.
to (21).
This is just not serious enough, continue thinking.
15.
Go to (137).
Go
Integrating production into your value chain is a near-impossible task, as you soon understand. You
need facilities, man power, a small-factory space.
'Even if the value of bitcoin had increased a thousand-fold, we would still be scrambling for investors...',
you say after doing mental exercises trying to conceive how an integration would work out.
You wish you hadn't invested the time to entertain the idea.
Deduct 17 Money and 4 Productivity points.
Move on to point 2. Should we merge with another start-up?
Go to (67).
Move on to point 3.  Should we switch suppliers to receive better quality products?
(84).
Go to
If you have exhausted all points on the agenda, and your business is water-related, move on to (76); if
it is jewelry, go to (142).
16.
"New day, new luck", you think as you try to figure out how you're going to come up with the resources
to back your Cost-Leadership Water Business. At least, when you think about it (every waking hour, that
is), the decision to not try for a premium product seems better and better in your mind. With a cheap,
solid product you can appeal to the prudent customer, and there are many of those, which also means
you can sell large quantities. You’d need to, if you’re in the quantity over quality track.
Something else creeps in the back of your consciousness though. Your Cost-Leadership Water Business,
the brilliant idea you came up with all by yourself, doesn’t have a name yet. Rookie move. You’d call
yourself a n00b but that level of harshness is better left for worst times.
You sit yourself down at the kitchen stool, Ari on your knee, playing with a xylophone. Not distracting,
at all; you are calm, you are focused. And you try to think hard about the name of your company. You
need to buy the domain too.
You realise you're stuck, you can't come up with anything with a nice ring to it. You put Ari in her
personal (overpriced) seat, pick up a pen and a piece of paper, and start trying out names.
Let’s break the fourth wall for a minute, shall we? The reader, also, is kindly asked to do the same,
unless they have already found the perfect name for their company. Feel free to try out dropping a pot
6
and getting inspired by the sounds that come off it. Go for onomatopoeia if you need more inspiration.
Once you have created your name, write it down at the top of the Score Sheet.
Draxxon Glass is what you came up with. Not excellent SEO but you'll think your way around this.
The door of your NYC brownstone opens and Tari storms in.
'What kind of company has a walk-in office with samples and all, and only sells Business to Business
only?!', she starts, clearly upset. 'Sorry, Alex, I'll explain… Okay, I took a walk downtown to look for an
office chair for you. You know, so you can set up a home office for now', and I found a beautiful
ergonomic one, with an adaptable exoskeleton, and asked for the price. Apparently I didn’t look like a
company-owner to them, because I was told "I am sorry, Miss, we only sell B2B. Private citizens can find
this model online" Great.'
'Uh, that's okay, though, we'll be a B soon. By the way, we're called Draxxon Glass, isn't it awesome?',
again, the excitement hit.
'Yes, yes, it's great, Alex. What are we going to do by the way? Are we servicing private individuals,
families, and so on, or do you want to cater to corporate clientele. Are we B2B or B2C?' Awesome. Tari
matches your speed and is all fired up.
'I was thinking B2B customers with more than 50 employees, and if we have to do private individuals,
then a small portion of our business can be retail customers.’
Go to (4).
'I was thinking we focus on retail customers who have a high net worth, and then as big bonus revenue,
cater to some B2B customers with more than 50 employees.’
17.
*Click.*
*Click!*
*Clickclickclick!*
Two to five business days later...
Go to (11).
The delivery truck is getting closer and closer, there is nowhere to park but that's okay -- you will be
quick anyways. Choosing the equipment was the toughest part.
'I'm glad the heavy-lifting is all done', you say as workers are getting the ping-pong table in the office.
They give you a nasty look.
Everyone around the office is too happy to notice. They are setting up their iMacs, and trying out the
large community-work wooden desk in the middle of the room.
These will be the coolest working premises ever. Google excluded.
Add 3 Productivity, and deduct 17 Money points.
And... you have officially done all the shopping any sensible (and not so sensible) manager can do in a
day. Time to move on.
Set up your website.
Go to (40).
7
Set up the logistics.
Go to (28).
If you've done all of that, and your business is water-related, continue the game on (31); if it is jewelry,
continue on (111).
18.
You think your idea is a genuinely good one, but Tari wants to be a 100% certain you're not making a
flop with one of your first decisions.
'Yeah, that's about the same line of thinking I had, but do you want to call Geoff, he works as a venture
capitalist, and see if he's happy with the direction we're setting?'  Tari expects an answer.
'I don't see how that could hurt.'
Go to (135).
'No, thanks, Tari, I don't feel comfortable asking your old friends for help -- we are still at conception,
we'll look pretty helpless, won't we.’
Go to (127).
19.
Things change fast after Sylvia starts. It's like you've hired an office communication guru.  The dynamic
in the office is fast, positive, and conversation between employees increases. She introduces an open
minded office politics, which you've always wanted.
And she's a fast learner. Whatever she was lacking in industry know-how, she is picking up the specifics
faster than Garfield finds lasagne.
Your clients are also pleased, which is not surprising. Sylvia caters to each relationship as if it’s entirely
personal for her, and everyone feels important.
Authenticity and empathy is key. The new acquisitions are on a paved path to loyalty, which for Draxxon
Glass is entirely the right thing to happen.
Add 18 Money and 4 Productivity points, and give yourself a pat on the back. What a superstar you are!
Things are finally on the rise.
If your business is water, continue to (32); if it is jewelry, go to (110).
20.
Add 3 Productivity and deduct 17 Money points.
Stevie's handshake is firm and reassuring. You're glad she's on board.
You give her the projected figures and goals for the year to come, hoping she'd get you there, and you
let her work for some time.
Miles travelled per month:
Cost of travelling per mile:
Clients serviced per month:
10,000
73 cents
7,200
8
Clients serviced per vehicle:
2,400
Average distance between clients:
1.4 miles
She calls you the next day and offers you the reigns for the following decision. You need to select the
type of vehicles you think will suit your business best. You have two options: large vehicles, which are
more expensive but save time; and smaller vehicles, which are cheaper but more mobile for the city.
What do you choose?
Three large commercial vans; the more expensive but also the BIGGER option.
Go to (50).
Two smaller minivans; the cheaper and you can make up for the size in number of trips made.
to (34).
21.
Go
'Okay, Tari, I have seen our future', you say, trying to put on an air of mystery (and failing), 'You ready?'
We're going to set up an e-commerce website selling water cooling systems and dispensers. Ta-daa!...
What do you think?', you ask, hopeful, 'I know it's not like being in business with the Queen of England,
but maybe', you wink at Tari, 'if we try hard enough, we can sell to the Royal family one day...'
On the drive home Tari explains she wasn't entirely serious when she suggested you try out her
rigorously tested Future-Selection-Methodology™.
'Setting things in motion from a position of a complete stand-still is not easy. Not that there is anything
wrong with the idea to set a foot in the water business door, that's not what I'm saying, Alex, but are
we maybe being a pinch too hasty?'
You're not being too hasty. The business of distributing water has been in steady growth for the last
five years. The market is not bare, there are already companies competing. And if you had done some
research before jumping to conclusions (granted, good conclusions), some companies are already a
step ahead of others... They are building apps to make it easy for customers to use their services, they
are putting themselves a click away. Everyone can order online now, both companies and consumers
alike.
And that's baby talk. If you think about the numbers, things become real grown-up real fast.
The overall water distribution market grows by more than 10% annually. In the US, the market value is
$73 billion per year and is expected to double in size by 2022. Granted, 80% of customers are corporates
who need a fast and efficient service and are typically purchasing significant quantities of the product,
but the concept is more than promising.
I am doing this, you think, somewhat stubbornly. You can be laser-focused and as obstinate as a mule
when an idea strikes you. Nonetheless, as later the same week, you learn all of what you just read, you
discuss it with Tari. She's completely on board. That's all you needed to hear. There would have been
no point in pursuing a venture if she wasn't happy with it. There are even a couple of things you want
to run by her as we speak.
9
'Tari, this may seem like a silly question... and I think I know the answer, but I would like to hear what
you have to say. If we were to set the gears of this thing in motion, are we selling affordable stuff or
5th Ave products? Obviously, not diamond-encrusted coolers, but... you know what I mean.'
'Eh, not sure what the right answer is, Alex.', Tari says slowly, forehead wrinkling. 'Like, are we talking
homemade-quality cheap products, or still good products, just not the best? And are we talking the
iPhone logo on a water dispenser, or just an excellent design, material quality, utility? "The water cooler
that can keep your house safe and raise your kids" kind of thing?'
'Yeah, kind of like that.'
Tari hadn't said anything that special, yet somehow you knew what the best course of action is.
You are going to disrupt the status quo and create an extraordinary product.
Go to (9).
You are going to create a product more on the down-low, but it will be a value-for-money concept.
Go to (16).
22.
'Will this agony never end.', you whisper to yourself because over-dramatizing daily activities is fun.
You're trying to figure out how to spend your resources and fill up all that office space you secured.
You went online. You clicked around. You should have been done by now. But the internet is vast and
full of options. And the decision-maker doesn't like options. They don't enjoy choice. It makes easy
decisions difficult. You know how it goes, the more options, the less optimal the decision (more or less).
Stuck on the internet, in the bare office, there is nothing else for you to do but to select the damned
thing.
Generally, there are two ways to go: cheaper, and not. You know your priorities, roll the dice.
‘Come on. Any set of computers and keyboards will get the job done.’
Go to (106).
‘But I also want to feel like I've created something cool! And a ping-pong table. And a TV.’
Go to (17).
23.
You've been working from home for some time now, three weeks to be exact. Your back isn't too happy,
your family isn't thrilled either, and your mind is buzzing. Now that you have a more concrete idea
about your business, it's high time you picked out a proper office space.
You are taking a couple of hours outside of the house, in part to clear your head, in part to meet with a
real estate agent. You. Need. An. Office.
You just got off the train somewhere in Brooklyn, and you’re entering a possible space, called Studio
Square.
It's spacious and you have the option to rent out more facilities.
'This is lovely, a bit too far from the city, maybe', you say to the agent.
10
'Yes, it’s nice, isn’t it? We're getting a lot of interest for this one’, the agent says. ‘It's also brand new,
you'd be the first tenants. Yes, you can say it's remote but there are trains wishy-whooshing every
minute, connecting you to all of New York City. If commuting isn't a problem, that'd be your best value
for money', he concludes.
'Yeah, I suppose it would be. And how much extra space can I rent again? You mentioned something
over the phone.'
'About 2000 sq ft. For storing purposes, though', he replies.
'Right.'
This is a nice place. What do you do?
'Alright, this is a nice place, and I don't think it makes sense to spend more of my time on this. I like the
space, and the perks. I'm making an offer.'
jewelry, go to (126).
If your business is water-related, go to (49); if it is
'Okay, I'll keep this in mind, but you mentioned you have something more central, as well. Different
price range, if I recall, but let's go and have a look. I will decide after.'
24.
Rigorous training! Day and night situation simulations! Constant drills.
Your colleagues are happy this is not how you are preparing.
Go to (10).
What you do instead is intensive market research. You find out the what-if's, and how-to's of various
possible situations. You strengthen your social media presence.
You are untouchable, and just on time! New companies are poking around trying to enter the market,
and they are using low prices as their selling point.
You proceed to making it more difficult for a new company to establish itself as a rival on *your*
territory.
Add 18 points for Money, and 2 for each Productivity and Prestige.
But you want to make it even more difficult for rivals to enter. Careful military grade strategizing has
left you with two viable options.
Invest in marketing and decrease prices.
Go to (64).
Focus on setting up long term contracts with clients and create switching costs.
(47).
25.
Go to
'Okay, Tari, I have seen our future', you say, trying to put on an air of mystery (and failing), 'You ready?'
We're going to set up an e-commerce website selling fine jewelry. Ta-daa!... What do you think?', you
ask, hopeful, 'I know, it sounds like we're going to start rubbing shoulders with the Trumps and whatnot,
but it's not really like that. We might need to have the occasional tea with Her Majesty the Queen, but,
yeah... What do you think, what do you think?'
11
Tari thinks for a while, inhales..., and begins talking.
On the drive home she explains she wasn't entirely serious when she suggested you try out her
rigorously tested Future-Selection-Methodology™.
'Setting things in motion from a position of a complete stand-still is not easy. Not that there is anything
wrong with the idea to set a foot in the jewelry business door, that's not what I'm saying, Alex, but are
we maybe being a pinch too hasty?'
You're not being too hasty. The jewelry business is in its own a $70 bln industry, and it’s just now
beginning to take shape through online sales. Why? Because customers are becoming increasingly
comfortable with buying fine jewels online.
Companies that have been online since the beginning of the shift to e-commerce are now experiencing
an abrupt growth (something along the lines of 20%-30% per year for the past 5 years). On the other
hand, competition isn't fierce at the moment because the public is still doing its baby steps toward
buying items of significance online. But the industry is getting there. At the end of the day, e-commerce
jewelry is a promising concept.
I am doing this, you think, somewhat stubbornly. You can be laser-focused and as obstinate as a mule
when an idea strikes you. Nonetheless, as later the same week, you learn all of what you just read, you
discuss it with Tari. She's completely on board. That's all you needed to hear. There would have been
no point in pursuing a venture if she wasn't happy with it. There are even a couple of things you want
to run by her as we speak.
'Tari, this may seem like a silly question... and I think I know the answer, but I would like to hear what
you have to say. If we were to set the gears of this thing in motion, are we selling more affordable stuff
or 5th Ave products? And when I say affordable, obviously, we're not talking about Etsy-type playthings,
but... you know what I mean.'
'Eh, not sure what the right answer is here, Alex', Tari says slowly, forehead wrinkling. 'Like, are we
talking handmade-quality products, or still good products, just not the best? And are we talking
imported precious metals, designer-made, highest quality? "The accessory that can get the attention
of Tony Stark" kind of thing?'
'Yeah, kind of like that.'
Tari hadn't said anything that special, yet somehow you knew what the best course of action is.
You are going to keep to the status quo and create an exquisite and expensive product.
to (109).
Go
You are going to create a low-cost product and challenge the industry with a value-for money concept.
 Go to (116).
26.
Surprise!
Not selecting a sales manager makes you lag behind on your projected figures for, well, everything.
At least you're thorough.
Deduct 3 Productivity points, and try to focus. Your next move is crucial.
12
Hire Kevin.
Hire Sylvia.
Hire both.
Go to (52).
Go to (19).
Go to (62).
27.
Thomas needs a lot of training, a lot. His experience, although considerable, is far from what Draxxon
Glass is looking for. He is more on the business end of things, and you need a quant savvy analyst.
Deduct 3 Productivity points.
Go to (94).
28.
You're finally about to do some real work. You pick up the phone and dial a secret number.
If Geoff told you he’s at your service for brainstorming, go to (8).
If he hasn’t, go to (48).
29.
As soon as you call a team meeting and brief everyone on the decisions you have made, you get some
helpful feedback.
'Guys, we can try and shoot for the stars', Simone begins, 'but we'd need a lot more human resources
to do what you want us to do. As we are, right now, I don't think this is achievable.'
'Right. Good point. Thanks', you say. 'What else?'
'Simone says we're shooting for the stars here, but unless she means we're going to get on a rocket and
fly in any given direction, I am not sure what exactly we're trying to achieve here', says Ben. 'Grow
revenues and EBIPTA. How are we doing it exactly, it's not very clear. Valid. We should have specified
we're growing due to sales, especially on the US market,' you say.
There's not much else wrong with the goals, it turns out, but even as is, a lot of revising needs to be
done until they become... smart.
Deduct 3 Productivity points.
What are you waiting for, carry on, carry on...
If your business is water, go to (100) or (105); your choice. If your business is jewelry, go to (152) or
(105); your choice.
13
30.
'Right now, we oversee the following aspects of our value chain', begins Simone. 'The movement of
inventory from suppliers to us. Movement of our product from us to the end customer. Internal
operations. Marketing and sales. And post-purchase services.'
'Right now,' she emphasizes again, 'as things are stacking up, a substantial part of our resources goes
into the direction of moving inventory from supplier to ourselves. The natural path of succession in a
business is to start expanding its operations when it becomes stable enough and generates revenue.'
Simone lays out the problem.
'One path to expansion is to try and circumvent suppliers altogether, and take control of product
assembly ourselves. We can consider acquiring a supplier, but we can also set up a production site
ourselves.'
'Alex, what do you think?' she asks you.
'There is merit to the idea. We are too tiny to acquire a supplier ourselves but we can begin producing
from near-raw materials. We can at least try.’
Go to (15).
'Setting up a production site ourselves is almost impossible. We will need to massively expand to be on
top of the work we will create for ourselves. We cannot do that.’ Go to (6).
31.
Finally. You are out for a light lunch with pleasant company. You did good work, you set up your basics,
and are now taking a step back. You're taking a tiny step-back however, because if up-and-coming
businessmen enjoy a meal for too long, they end up becoming the meal.
Competition is fierce, you remind yourself. It is known.
Lucky for you, the person you're having lunch with is both pleasant company and potentially good for
Draxxon Glass.
Kevin Mascotte is a prospective client acquisition manager. As a start-up, you need to carefully consider
who will be the person heading your sales division. They must be superheroes at coordinating and
managing personnel, at contacting and acquiring new clients.
Kevin is an interesting candidate.
'You've seen my resume and you know my story, but I can't stress this enough: I have worked in water
distribution for the past 8 years, climbing the corporate ladder. That said, I know the industry inside
and out, from the bottom to the top, more, not less.' he says assertively.
'I have the technical know-how, and my recommendations, as you will find, are impeccable', he
continues.
'My client portfolio at ITT is impressive, and I have a sustained relationship with 15% of the customers.'
'Interesting, these numbers do suggest your grasp of the industry is firm', you remark.
Kevin gives you a meaningful look.
'It is.'
14
Alright, you think, he is not the most charismatic person I can bring on board... Confident, yes, skilled,
absolutely. But has some definite drawbacks. Then again, don't we all? (Nope, you mentally reprise
yourself, I am excellent.)
As lunch draws to an end, you have formed a plan of action.
But before you execute, you are on your way to meet the second promising candidate you singled out.
Sylvia Brodie. She is a champion at being charming and easy-going. Absolutely phenomenal
conversationalist. Talking to her feels like an adventure. Exact opposite of what reading out your own
thoughts must feel like.
You learn that she is a dog person. You aren't that much, but listening to her talk about her Buddy
makes you want to adopt a dog this very instant. She isn't magical, is she, you ask yourself suspiciously.
If not, she must be a Jedi Master at Soft Skills. If she also had the technical know-how Kevin does, the
choice would be a no-brainer.
Unfortunately, she doesn't. But although a client acquisition manager needs to have some industry
specific knowledge, her work experience is impressive enough to make you disregard the gap. Maybe.
You haven't decided yet.
You weigh your options and go for what you believe is the least wrong choice.
You call Kevin and say you're happy with what you have heard so far and would like to formally invite
him on board.
Go to (52).
You call Sylvia and ask her if she can start Monday.
Go to (26).
Go to (19).
You don't like either enough to bring them on board just now. Look for the superhero you set out to
find.
Sylvia and Kevin complement each other in exactly the right way, like two pieces of a two
piece puzzle. Make an offer to both.
Go to (62).
32.
With a team all ready to go, and all the essential members present, you call in the first official Board of
Directors meeting. Fine. You don't *really* have a board of directors, but you have bright and skilled
employees and advisors, and that's who you want to discuss the future of Draxxon Glass with.
'Thanks for coming, everyone', you say as if they had a choice, or did any actual coming: the meeting
place is your office.
'I would just like to run a few things by you', you begin. 'I know we, as a company, are still happening,
but we must address the growing concern I at least have about the presence of other companies in the
market. We are the new entrants; naturally, there are competitor firms out there, but my question is
this: What is our stance in the current situation?', you ask and wait for a shower of responses.
You do not get your shower.
What you do get, however, is a calm and structured response from Simone.
'Alex, if I may? Okay. We are in the business of making profit, right?' Simone begins.
'Technically, we are in the business of distributing water, but carry on', you couldn't help yourself.
15
'Right. Yes. We are in the business of distributing water, and we are working hard towards creating
revenue and generating profit. That said, a focus on market share seems to be the logical approach to
take ourselves to the target faster.'
'That certainly is one way to look at it', you say. 'Any other opinions, musings, thoughts, anyone?'
'Simone has a point, Alex, for sure... thanks, by the way for jumpstarting the discussion', your sales
manager takes the floor, 'but we can look at it from a different angle. We are the new fish in the sea,
and there are plenty of other fish here as well, but there is also plenty of sea to go around. Does that
make sense?' they ask.
'Sure', you agree. 'Valid points, both of you, thanks.'
'Okay, now, to tell you what I think. I believe the best course of action for Draxxon Glass is to...
... start competitively winning market share as soon as possible.'
Go to (42).
... remain on target and provide the service we're providing as we are doing right now; we will grow
just as the rest of the market grows.'
Go to (73).
33.
You think your idea is a genuinely good one, but Tari wants to be a 100% certain you're not making a
flop with one of your first decisions.
'Yeah, that's about the same line of thinking I had, but do you want to call Geoff, he works as a venture
capitalist, and see if he's happy with the direction we're setting?'
Tari expects an answer.
'I don't see how that could hurt.'
Go to (129).
'No, thanks, Tari, I don't feel comfortable asking your old friends for help -- we are still at conception,
we'll look pretty helpless, won't we.’
Go to (124).
34.
You make the calls, you acquire the vans, and you breathe a sigh of relief.
'Good old boy, you, well done on not being Sally the Spender! We will schedule more tightly and it'll all
be sorted', you say to yourself in the mirror. Managers, too, need pampering.
You first orders start coming in – the website is still not running at full speed but you are tentatively
trying out things. Your customer line is somehow always busy now and clients are asking about their
delayed deliveries. You deliver in bulk, this is the core idea of your business, and they do not understand
why this is happening.
Deduct 3 Productivity, 3 Prestige, and 17 Money points.
Your budget for vehicles is almost exhausted and you cannot afford to buy bigger trucks. Or more of
the smaller ones.
16
Bummer!
Now what?
There is only one thing left to do: improve your scheduling and update your website to gain the clients’
favor. Go to (40).
Improve your scheduling and Oh! Look at this, your office is still completely bare and not work-friendly!
To do anything else, you need to have the equipment! Go to (22).
If you've done all of that, continue the game on (31).
35.
Cathleen is competent and, more importantly, she is looking for a new challenge. She’s super happy
you selected her that she’s eager to put in extra work to prove herself! Win-win, you shrug it off as if
it’s no big deal. Smug liar.
Add 18 points to Money and 3 to Productivity.
Go to (94).
36.
'bubbl. team, meat Draxxon Glass team, Draxxon Glass team, meet bubbl. team', you introduce the
teams in a fatherly manner.
Now you have more human resources to run your projects, but your financial resources are in a dismal
state.
Deduct 26 Money points for almost driving your company into the treacherous rocks near bankruptcy
island.
Deduct 4 Prestige points, too, because someone leaked information about the bold entrepreneurial
approach you have to local financial news publishers and they had a field day analysing your newest
move.
It's never boring in the business world, you think as you accept your faith.
If you haven't been to 57, go to (57).
Otherwise, if your business is water-related, go to (81); if it is jewelry, go to (145).
37.
'Sometimes my choices truly are bizarre, aren't they?' you ask Tari, 'Why on Earth (pun) did I think Times
Square won't be an informational overload. This won't do much to stimulate our business idea
stimulation, I don't think...'
'Oh, come on now, don't be such a drama queen, Alex', Tari chuckles, amused, 'I am sure we can find
at least one thing you'd like to do. Times. Square.' She spreads her arms, 'Just close your eyes and point
at something. You do it enough times and we're bound to find something that strikes Your fancy,... Your
Highness.'
17
'Hahaha, right. Leave our livelihood to chance, is that what you're offering?' you are not even trying to
hide the little sparkle in your eyes, you are having fun - this is absurd, but you're good at absurd. 'Shall
I do a little spin before pointing first, Tari, we might even knock the hat off a completely unsuspecting
tourist while we're at it!'
'Sure, sure. Need a hand to accelerate and make it worthwhile? Just point, Alex, go ahead, we have a
future to ridiculously select.'
You put a hand over your eyes, stretch out the other in an overly pronounced manner - 'What a majestic
pointer dog I've been living with!'  Tari retorts, and gives you a spin.   No accidents - not a single eye
poked out, or a cheek bruised.
'So? What am I pointing at?'
'Check for yourself...'
You peek through your fingers and laugh aloud.
'A jewelry store? Really? And I did that all by myself? How opportune!' you tease.
'Destiny works in mysterious ways, Alex, don't go on making unjust assumptions, now...', Tari laughs.
You frown a little. All in good tone, but is Tari really taking this so lightly? You can't, really, you cannot,
just jump into a business idea. You can't open up a jewelry store on 5th Avenue. Are you going to be
selling jewelry onli-... 'We can sell jewelry online!’ it strikes you.
Consider in all seriousness to set up an online jewelry store.
This is just not serious enough, continue thinking.  Go to (114).
38.
Go to (25).
'Hello?' You pick up the phone. It's Hay Lin, one of your larger stakeholders.
'Alex, would you please shed some light on what's happening with Draxxon Glass. You're running ads
with promoters who offer largely discounted goods. Your Instagram efforts, Snapchat, Facebook
presence, they are all catastrophically compromised.'
'Hay Lin. I realise how this looks. There are new players trying to enter the market and we are setting
the...', you start.
'You are setting nothing.' Hay Lin interrupts. 'Money is going down the drain, and its going fast. Your
brand is not premium anymore, your demographic is drastically changing', she says, dismally. 'We are
pulling out. I thought I owed you the courtesy of telling you personally. Something you should have
done before tightening the noose on Draxxon Glass.'
'Hay L-'
The line disconnects.
You sense it in your bones. Game over.
18
39.
Guess where you just were!
The Social Media Marketing World convention is just dismantling, and, yes, you were at it. This event,
organised by Social Media Examiner, is the largest social media marketing conference with 100+ of the
world’s top social media professionals including top Facebook Marketing
Expert, Mari Smith and Former Chief Evangelist of Apple, Guy Kawasaki.
You are exhilarated and the insights you got were inspiring beyond your wildest expectations.
This is why you came back! This Spirit that drives small and large business owners. Amazing.  You need
to do a marketing campaign, and you know exactly what to do, given where your business and clients
are.
You are going to hire a testimonial and run a high profile marketing campaign.
Go to (54).
You will prepare a series of informational spots explaining the advantages of ordering water online
(time saving, cheaper, on time, easier to coordinate, mistake-free).
Go to (66).
40.
Your office window is open and you are enjoying a light breeze of air. Granted, not clean fresh air, but
air nonetheless. An odd-looking raven is flying towards your window and perches on the sill. Queer. It
stretches out a leg and you notice a scroll tied niftily to it.
Even queerer.
You remove the scroll, unscathed by the local fauna, and read:
Create the darn website already. Nobody can find you!
Oh-kay!, you think. I will create the darn website.
You jot down a quick note in response:
On it.
And you set out on another web adventure.
There are thousands of designs and templates you can use, but you want a customized website.
Having arranged a meeting with two web designer teams, you rush out the door.
Meet with Paola.
Meet with Janine.
Go to (56).
Go to (77).
19
41.
As you're paying the driver of the moving truck, you can't help but think you've made a wonderful
decision. You might not be looking at the rear end of a charging bull, but you're still very central. The
ready-available 2000 sq ft are going to be something you miss but you're happy here. And you're sure
your employees will be too.
Two meetings later you start to question your judgement. Even your potential business clients and
partners are surprised by where you're based.
'For a cost-leadership company distributing water commodities and needing plenty of room, this truly
is a curious office decision', Geoff remarked.
Deduct 19 Money points, and 3 points from both Productivity and Prestige.
But what's done is done.
Now, you have other things to consider.
For example, your office is still bare.
Go to (22).
You also have a ton of logistics decisions to make. You need to start prioritizing.  Go to (28).
Speaking of, there might be nothing more important than building the right web platform to showcase
your business and gain the attention of clients.
Go to (40).
42.
Three hours later.
The entire office gets an aggressive make-over. Paint strokes on your cheeks, and fierce looks in your
eyes. You are going to war over market share.
Of course, this requires re-focusing, and re-allocation of resources and energy. Done and done. You do
not do things half-decent.
You do them twice as decent. Besides, your game-changing strategy just became palpable. The
company leasing you your office space has agreed to provide you with the data of previous and
prospective clients. In exchange for a certain commission. These are all small companies, and, surely,
in desperate need of new water dispensers and cooling systems.
***
*Tinkle-tin-tin*
‘Hi, sorry to bother you, but do you have a glass of water by any chance?' you ask the young man who
just opened the door to a bare office to you.
'Uh, yeah, sure, is tap okay?', he replies.
'I suppose. Wait, you don't have a dispenser? In NYC?', you press on. 'We just relocated into the
neighborhood, I'm sure you can tell, things are all up in the air still. We have a provider but haven't set
things up yet' he retorts, no trace of apology in his voice.
'Oh, cool, cool...' you say and you proceed to making a sales pitch.
20
That's your new secret weapon. You are not just openly competing for market share, you are actively
stealing clients from your competitors, and the whole team is on it.
As the weeks pass and your sales plateau, you re-evaluate. The strategy led to a disastrous loss of focus.
Your energy and resources should have been better spent, not over a futile effort to steal clients away
from other companies, while the industry is still growing. Besides, people don't like being cold-called,
especially when they have an alternative. Draxxon Glass starts losing a lot more than it’s gaining.
Deduct 17 points of Money and 2 of Prestige.
Next time, trust your managers. Plenty of sea for all fish; plenty of pie to go around.
Now, reshuffle your cards and draw again. Where are you going to next?
Blind man’s choice #1.  Go to (78).
Blind man’s choice #2.  Go to (97).
43.
An acquisition is a bad idea when you are a start-up. A merger is... different. But it is almost no surprise
that the aftermath of your meeting with Jericha is terrrfic! The new company, your two entities
combined, is much better equipped to survive the severe weather conditions in a growing market. Size
matters, it turns out.
In addition, a ton of synergies happen: you get access to new clients; suppliers are increasingly
interested in working with you because you now deal with larger volumes; your marketing budget is
heftier, too, which means you reach both further and wider.
There is nothing else for you to do except add mighty 22 points to your Money and 7 points to Prestige,
and Productivity. Not a bad fate.
Move on to 1. Should we take charge of more activities throughout the value chain? Go to
(30).
Move on to 3. Should we switch suppliers to receive better quality products?
Go to (84).
If you have exhausted all points on the agenda, and your business is water-related, move on to (76); if
it is jewelry, go to (142).
44.
The storage space is full to the brim. The resources you spent to secure full product availability almost
exhausted the allocated budget. In the end of the day, you are a Certified Spender.
Besides, there is something hyper satisfying about selecting a product and seeing the "Add to basket"
button. No, no, no. It's satisfying to see it on *all* the products.
As the weeks roll out, orders become hectic. You are generating backlog. Paradoxically, not because
you don't have products in store, which is the canonical reason for a backlog, but because you do not
have the human resources to grow your operations accordingly. In fact, increase in inventory and
21
stimulating customer purchasing drive are both creating chaos in the headquarters, and nobody is
happy.
Deduct 18 Money and 5 Productivity points.
Your colleagues are beginning to look like they're plotting a riot.
Remind everyone they offered to work harder. This is a mutual effort and everyone must play their
part. Be the iron hand in a velvet glove you’ve always known you are.
Go to (63).
Hire new people as quickly as possible. Apparently doing it by yourself is a stretch.
Go to (55).
Acquire bubbl. Their human resources become our human resources, with the added benefit of their
revenue becoming our revenue.
Go to (36).
This is temporary, we'll be fine. It's part of the game, we must keep playing.
If you haven't been to 57, go to (57).
Otherwise, if your business is water-related, go to (81); if it is jewelry, go to (145).
45.
'Your loss', Tari shrugs, but you have a deep conviction you are right.
You prepare a business plan, P&L projections, the whole shebang, and resume your search for investors.
People seem to like the idea, but nobody is willing to commit. Why? Do they know something you don't?
You bet they do. There are a thousand reasons (at least 3) a retail business fails, and a B2B is a much
better investment. Your line of business will benefit immensely from predictability and servicing the
same clients continuously. Not to mention that going into B2B almost automatically equals selling large
amounts of whatever product you choose to market.
Give up the search and GAME OVER.
Admit your initial judgement may have been wrong, and go back to (16) to make the better choice.
46.
'Ed, you have a minute?'
Edward's been working at Draxxon Glass for three months. His work is impeccable. His work ethic, too.
'Just wanted to check in. Benefits of a small office, you know?' you say.
'Yeah, I'm alright, not that much to do this week. A slow month, isn't it?' he replies.
'Slow? We're covered to our ears with work on our end. I guess not that much on your end, hm?'
'Yeah, I guess so.' He sounds demotivated.
That's a shame, you are paying him extra, because apart from having the best resume, he is also a much
more qualified candidate, and is used to different scope projects and paygrade. Draxxon Glass is a step
down for him, you realize. You might need to look for a new candidate soon.
Deduct 18 points from Money and 3 from Productivity.
22
Go to (94).
47.
A company called Night Spring is trying to enter dangerous waters. Your waters. They are also going for
a cost-leadership strategy and their entry approach is entirely dictated by that. They are embarking on
a formal competition on prices.
That doesn't bother you, however, because you laid out your cards nicely in advance. Your clients are
happy with your service, they have contracts that make it difficult to switch to a different company, and
your numbers are solid.
Your current business is protected. Add 18 Money points.
You put your Master Businessman pants on (your successes sometimes get to your head) and proceed
to other avenues. Hopefully, they will like your pants there, too, and you will continue the good streak.
If you haven't been on (78), go to (78).
Otherwise, select one of the following.
Mystery avenue #1.
Mystery avenue #2.
Go to (68).
Go to (57).
48.
'Hi, could you please put me through to Ms Stevie Milch, this is Alex Field calling.'
You are trying to track down former employees of some of the bigger players in business consulting
and engage them on short-term bases. A little guidance will be welcome, logistics is never easy to plan,
especially when it's such a core part of your business.
'Hello, Stevie speaking', comes a fresh voice from the other end.
'Stevie, hi, I am Alex Field. I will be quick, don't want to waste your time, we are all busy-busy. Your
information was on an ex-employees database for the major consulting agencies. I am setting up an e
commerce business and I find myself in need of some help. Would you be interested in working with
me for a short period of time? I am happy to discuss compensation package with you.' you say and wait.
Alex! Hi! First, nice to meet you. As for your offer, I cannot speak in any concrete terms just now... I
don't really know anything about the stage you're at.'
'You're right, of course, this truly is an out-of-nowhere call.'
'Yep, okay, listen, I am curious to know what the-bold-man-who-cold-calls-ex-big-firm-employees does.
Can you jostle down a brief introduction to your business and yourself in a quick email, perhaps? Or, if
you have time to spare, we can meet for lunch tomorrow and have a chat or something along those
lines.'
What do you say?
'Awesome! Thanks, Stevie, I'll get back to you ASAP with an email, I think that works best for all of us
(and our schedules).'
If your business is water, go to (61). If it is jewelry, go to (136).
23
'That's super nice of you to say, thanks! Oh, I'm sure I can fit a bite somewhere on the agenda for
Tuesday? Tuesday. Awesome.'  If your business is water, go to (87). If it is jewelry, go to (147).
'Right. Thanks for the taking the time to talk to me today, Stevie, I will let you know what works best in
a minute'. As you say this, you know you won't be calling her, she doesn't seem serious enough to take
on your logistics efforts. You may end up planning the whole thing yourself.
If your business is
water, go to (12). If it is jewelry, go to (121).
49.
As you're paying the driver of the moving truck, you can't help but think you've made a wonderful
decision. You might not be looking at the rear end of a charging bull, but you just secured 5000 sq ft for
yourself. The water business needs the space, and it'd be easier to organise the logistics from
someplace that's not the city centre.
You chose to be modest and prudent and that paid off. Boring, but sensible.
Add 17 points to Money, and 3 to both Productivity and Prestige.
Don’t wallow in your triumph for too long, though! You have other things to consider.
For example, your office is still bare.
Go to (22).
You also have a ton of logistics decisions to make. You need to start prioritizing. Go to (28).
Speaking of, there might be nothing more important than building the right web platform to showcase
your business and gain the attention of clients.
Go to (40).
50.
You watch as three large trucks drive towards you. You would have been brought to tears if it wasn't
unprofessional. But they look so marvellous, so majestic, and you are swooning.
This will change everything! Delivery has never looked so stylish, you think, and you are right.
Add 3 Prestige and 3 Productivity points.
Pumped up from the success of the Best Decision Anyone Has Ever Made, Ever™, you move on to other
productive affairs.
What do you go on to?
Equip your office space.
Go to (22).
Or build your website better, stronger.
Go to (40).
If you've done all of that, continue the game on (31).
51.
Tari sets her phone on speaker.
24
'Hi, Geoff, it's Tari', she says 'Alex and I are back... Haha, yes, quite a journey, I know. Listen, Alex and I
are thinking of starting a business - Water dispenser and cooling systems - and we're thinking of setting
it up as a retail where primarily private individuals get in touch and we cater to them.'
'Hey Geoff, it's Alex' you interrupt. 'That's the main idea, yes, but we will also get in touch with a couple
of companies with 50+ employees and so on, diversify the revenue. That seem sound?'
'Hey guys, okay, yeah, that's an idea, but you won't get your business off the ground like this. Don't
mean to be harsh but it's just not the solid ground you're looking for.*. You can feel a nasty burning
feeling behind your ears. *’Think about reversing the balance – focus primarily on companies and cater
to a smaller number of retail customers. Again, sorry to be bearer of bad news but you asked. Listen, I
can't talk long, but I'm happy to get back on the phone if you need someone to bounce ideas off, alright?
Tari, thanks for calling, nice hearing you again.'
Deduct 1 point from Productivity and 17 points from Money.
Trust Geoff and revise your choice.
Go back to (16).
What does Geoff know anyway? Don’t trust him. Game over.
52.
Kevin is happy to leave the suffocating corporate environment for now, and starts working for Draxxon
Glass as soon as he can. Points for you!
Sadly, negative points.
Kevin is superb when it comes to letting prospective clients know the company provides a highly
professional service, but his suave can benefit from a lot of tuning. Like a just-restrung 47-string harp.
Arrogance doesn't have a place in a start-up and Kevin is beginning to show just that.
His approach to the rest of the sales personnel is also obviously cast in a corporate environment.
After having a brief one-on-one with Kevin, three weeks after his coming on board, Simone checks in
with you and gives you a concerning update.
Kevin has applied an intimidation technique to one of your sales agents to supposedly improve their
productivity. In no uncertain terms he had let Simone know they "needed a shake-up". Ouch.
That's a big managerial mistake: intimidation never works, he should know that with his 8 years of
experience. Nevertheless, you must now have a talk with him about his style. Thoroughly unnecessary
time investment, you think, resenting Kevin a little. But you do it anyway.
Deduct 3 point from Productivity and 16 from Money.
Not cool. What now?
With a few more talks he will learn to be a better leader.
it is jewelry, go to (110).
Sylvia would be a much better fit. Get in touch with her again.
If your business is water, go to (32). If
Go to (19).
25
53.
Ellen needs a lot of training, a lot. Her experience, although considerable, is far from what Draxxon
Glass is looking for. You already have an excellent Marketing team.
Deduct 3 Productivity points.
Go to (94).
54.
"My name is Tom Brady, and I approve this message", reads the end of the ad you decided to go with.
'Guys, I hope you're as excited as I am for this. We were incredibly lucky to get Tom Brady on board,
he's an NFL legend, and, no, I am honestly too excited...', you try to make a coherent statement, and
fail.
As soon as the ads start running, you see that brand awareness is increasing. Stars tend to have that
effect.
Add 2 Prestige points, but deduct 17 from Money and 2 from Productivity. Tom Brady advertising home
and office water dispensers still rings strange with customers. Plausibility is key.
If you haven’t been to (68), the game continues on (68).
Otherwise, go to (81).
55.
Three fresh pairs of hands are joining your deck. Matt, Lysa, and Bennie (whose name is Benedict but
he has been called Benedict Crumplesnatch, Bodymuch Cumberland, Bundlebuss Cuddlestash, and
other merciless variations so other, that now he introduces himself as "Bennie, just Bennie.").
The three musketeers, or the holy trinity, as they become known around the office, are amazing. They
fit with the team even better than they fit among each other, and they are driving the company spirit
up, laughter level is a lot higher, everyone is happier and more motivated.
The workload is at last manageable and Draxxon Glass is steady on the rise across all indicators. Your
new and improved wonder team is managing everything from sales to logistics with a good amount of
flair.
You hope they don't burn out too quickly.
Add a solid 18 points to Money, and 5 to Productivity.
If you haven't been to 57, go to (57).
Otherwise, if your business is water-related, go to (81); if it is jewelry, go to (145).
26
56.
As you walk in the space Paola welcomes you to, you are stunned. There are futuristic objects hanging
from the ceiling, and a large flower-pot, with what you can guess is a tropical flower in the middle of
the hall. Wait. It's a hologram? And you can interact with it?
Weird. And cool!
That's a bold statement of innovation, you think, and are already interested in what Paola has to offer.
'Alex, please, have a seat. Or, play with Daisy -- it's what we call the hologram -- she's fun to interact
with', says Paola once you've made your way across the hall.
'It is truly fascinating, thanks.' you say. 'What's the, uh, the purpose of it, if you don't mind me asking?'
'Simple. Daisy demonstrates one of our core values: we aim to amaze, and inspire. Our services have
our special innovative touch. We leave a trace in users' memory. Our websites provide the different
experience users look for when visiting an original brand.' Paola didn't mind you asking at all.
'You create head-turning platforms, is this what you're saying?', you ask.
'Exactly. You won't find a run-of-the-mill product here. Not to be harsh, but if you're interested in a
standard design, this probably isn't the place for you.'
What do you say?
'Oh, no, this is definitely the place for me!'
jewelry, go to (132).
If your business is water-related, go to (58); if it is
'Sadly, you might be right. We are looking for complete ease of use, and phenomenal design is not
necessarily a priority.'  If your business is water-related, go to (79); if it is jewelry, go to (143).
57.
*Ding*
The elevator doors open and you encounter a strange sight. Pink Floyd's ‘Money’ is playing and a man
and a woman are mid-dance. A goofy dance. It's such a funny thing to witness, like catching you pet
red-handed (pawed) trying to steal from the kitchen counter. They are all so embarrassed and bashful.
You get in, and start humming *Money, it's a hit, tra-la-la...* to yourself.
Draxxon Glass is in a growing market, so how is Draxxon Glass to make Money (it’s a hit…)? Market.
Draxxon Glass must win its market. How? Market-ING. People must learn about Draxxon Glass. No. They
must love it, they must not want any other product.
*Ding*
You burst into the office. 'Team, task! Also, good morning.'
'Where's Ika, I need my marketing manager's expertise.'
'Alex! What's up, all ears.' She tries to match your hype.
'Marketing campaign. Set it up, we're raising brand awareness!'  If your business is water-related, go
to (80); if it is jewelry, go to (144).
27
'Marketing campaign. Set it up, we're convincing people Draxxon Glass the one and only brand they
want!' Go to (91).
58.
www.draxxonglass.com looks amazing.
The 360-degree view of your products is on par with BMW's showroom website. Using the website is a
visual adventure, and you can't stop clicking around viewing your products. Even in bed.
Nonetheless, your client list doesn't seem to be growing at the pace you expected it to, and you can't
figure out why.
'It may be because they are distracted by the many effects', Tari suggests, stifling a yawn. 'Did you really
need the VR-compatibility enabled?'
'Yes, have you tried it -- do you want to try it?' you defend your choices. If you had a tail, though, it
would be wagging vehemently right now, the VR is so cool!
'I'm sure it is, Alex, but the whole experience seems to be in contrast with Draxxon Glass's image, don't
you think? We're offering *water dispensers*, not space rockets.' she presses on.
'We might need to dial it down a notch. Functionality, reliability, not high-tech advances.
That's our message.'
You switch off the screen and go to sleep. Tari has a point, but you will revisit the topic on a fresh mind.
Deduct 18 Money points, and 1 Productivity point.
As tomorrow arrives, you realise you must think about other matters, too.
Tackle Draxxon Glass logistics. Go to (28).
Tackle your equipment-less office space. Go to (22).
If you've done all of that, continue the game on (31).
59.
"Three for two means you never need to queue" reads the ad you just released. It builds on the canon
before/after contrast and emphasizes the time you waste waiting around water dispensers. In split
screen you show waiting around leads to not completing tasks on time, which leads to staying late
hours, instead of being out with friends. Your selling point is not saving money, it's saving time, and
time is the real currency today. Smart approach.
Your customers think so, too.
Add 20 Money points, and continue to (93).
28
60.
An elderly man is sitting in his garden. The crevices of his wrinkles create the impression he has been
through enough and more. He may have. Three young men are gathered around him, his sons. If you
come closer, you will hear what he's telling them.
'I am about to set off on a trip, I will be gone for a year, but I will make it back.'
'Where are you going, Pa?' asks the youngest.
'A trip for work. And I will come back with a bag full of gold. Now, gather closer. Today, I give each of
you a pouch with 10 gold coins. You have a year to do with them as you please and when I come back I
will speak to each of you again, and I will reward or punish you accordingly.'
The year passed and the three brothers had each gone their separate way. The oldest had decided to
keep his father's gold safe. He put it in a vault, and when the calendar made a complete turn, he took
it out and showed it to his father.
The second brother invested in a business idea that ended up failing. He effectively lost the gold.  The
youngest brother saw what his two brothers did and invested in stable stock. He knew this will have a
secure return although small. In the end, he wound up with the most money.
When their father consulted with them after his return, he was equally proud with the youngest and
the second brother, whereas the oldest had brought him only bitter disappointment.
'Life is about making decisions, and taking risks', he said to the oldest brother. Because you didn't do
any of that, there is no action for me to reward. You will receive nothing.  The other two brothers were
equally well rewarded by their father, their initial bag of gold, doubled.
This is a story your mother used to tell you when you were young. It stuck. You know not to make the
mistake of standing still and playing it safe.
But stories are not universal truths, you learn and you learn it fast. You are a cost leadership company
and everything you do must be in line with the grand plan. Buying more expensive, premium-quality
products does not fall under the "value for money" motto.  To keep on top of your balance sheet, you
raise prices, and this puts you Draxxon Glass in the far end of the list of options when new businesses
are looking for a water service.
Deduct 19 Money and 2 Prestige points.
Move on to point 1. Should we take charge of more activities throughout the value chain?
to (30).
Move on to point 2. Should we merge with another start-up?
If you have exhausted all points on the agenda, move on to (76).
61.
You hang up and send the following email.
Hi Stevie,
Go to (67).
This is regarding the brief conversation we had on the phone earlier today.
Go
29
Our company is called Draxxon Glass. We deliver water dispensers and cooling systems to other businesses in
NYC, and the occasional private individual.
As you recall, I got in touch because I need a consultant to assist me in setting up the logistics. Given that we are
a company that deals primarily in delivering and installing home and office water systems, our logistics efforts are
what is going to either make or break our business.
Here are some projected figures to get you acquainted with Draxxon Glass and its goals.
Miles travelled per month:
Cost of travelling per mile:  73 cents
Clients serviced per month:
Clients serviced per vehicle:
10,000
7,200
2,400
Average distance between clients:  1.4 miles
Hope this sheds more light on the situation.
And thanks again, Stevie, for taking the time to look over this.
Looking forward to working with you.
Best wishes,
Alex Field
You click *send*.
In a week, Stevie gets back to you:
Hey Alex,
Thanks for the email.
I looked over the numbers and things are as us to be expected.
Just to make sure you are informed, my consulting fees start at $100 an hour. What we can do is set terms and
create a time frame for the project, and agree upon a project fee instead of the by-hourly fare.
If we manage to set everything up in 30 hours, I would expect a compensation of $3,000.
Let me know.
Best,
Stevie
30
How do you respond?
'Sounds fair, let's meet up and shake on it.'
Go to (20).
'Given that I will also be working alongside you on the project, and we'll be sharing the weight, I believe
a compensation that fairly reflects the terms of our arrangement will be around $2,300.'  Go to (102).
'I don't think we can reach an agreement on these terms. I am happy to shake hands on $2,300 but not
a cent more.
Go to (12).
Double or nothing, you rationalize.
'Go big or go home', you mutter.
62.
Sylvia and Kevin are a peculiar fit. Like Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, they make up a singular interesting being.
However, you are not paying a singular being, you are employing two real people, and your bank
statement is there to remind you.
Not only that, you are paying two people to carry out the same role. A role for one person.
Singular.
Deduct 18 Money points, and add 1 Productivity.
If your business is water, continue to (32); if it is jewelry, go to (110).
63.
'Can anyone tell the drivers they will have to make an extra run on Saturday?' you give a shout in a
general direction.
'Can't, Alex, I'm in a call with the Missouri firm.'
'Busy, setting up a client, sorry!'
'I can do it tomorrow morning, if I come earlier.'
'No, that's alright, guys. I'll do it, thanks.' you say. You're spread too thin. Everyone is.
People are stressed out, coming in at 7 in the morning, running late for meals.
Tari certainly has had enough. You are always grumpy and tired when you go home these days.
Rescheduling with family is becoming a second nature at this point.
Super demotivating.
The figures are fine, though. It's your human friends that are suffering.
This could have been avoided.
Deduct 5 Productivity and 2 Prestige points.
31
It's time to hire new people as quickly as possible.
Go to (55).
Acquire bubbl. Their human resources become our human resources, with the added benefit of their
revenue becoming our revenue. Go to (36).
This is temporary, we'll be fine. It's part of the game, we must keep playing. If you haven't been to 57,
go to (57).
Otherwise, if your business is water-related, go to (81); if it is jewelry, go to (145).
64.
‘Hey, at least our actions weren’t futile. Voila, team. I introduce to you Night Spring!’
A company called Night Spring is trying to enter dangerous waters. Your waters. They are also going for
a cost-leadership strategy and their entry strategy is entirely dictated by that.
Lucky for you, it's like crashing into a thick concrete wall for Night Spring because your low prices make
it excruciatingly difficult for them to compete. They halt and regroup.
Unlucky for you, you a losing money, and you're losing it fast. You are still a young and growing business
and reducing prices, while effective, spreads you very thin on the spreadsheets.
Deduct 18 Money points. Business, eh?
You put your Master Businessman pants on, and proceed to other avenues. Hopefully, they will like
your pants there and you will catch a break.
If you haven't been on (78), go to (78).
Otherwise, select one of the following.
Mystery avenue #1.
Mystery avenue #2.
Go to (68).
Go to (57).
65.
As soon as you call a team meeting and brief everyone on the decisions you have made, you get some
helpful feedback.
'Guys, we can try and shoot for the stars', Simone begins, 'but we'd need a lot more human resources
to do what you want us to do. As we are, right not, I don't think this is achievable.'
'Right. Good point. Thanks', you say.
'And', Ben steps up, 'we should probably stick to local market only. It'll be incredibly expensive to grow
the foreign market. It hasn't been our focus until now... It's not that relevant to our business model, I
don’t think.'
'Interesting. You're dismantling our whole plan', you laugh. 'What else?'
32
There's not much else wrong with the goals, it turns out, but even as is, still, a lot of revising needs to
be done until they become... smart.
Deduct 3 Productivity points.
If your business is water, go to (100) or (105); your choice. If your business is jewelry, go to (152) or
(105); your choice.
66.
Insights from the convention pay off: as of the beginning of the informational campaign, you already
have several new large corporate clients interested in trying out Draxxon Glass's services. That’s already
an excellent foot in the door.  Not to mention the hundreds of potential customers that became aware
of your brand, mission, and benefits of your offering.
Add 17 points to Money and 2 points for each Productivity, and Prestige.
If you haven’t been to (68), the game continues on (68).
Otherwise, and if your business is water related, go to (81); if it is jewelry, go to (145).
67.
Simone has the floor.
'Company, we're growing.'
Hooting sounds around the table.
'Settle down, settle down, guys...' She can be a buzzkill sometimes. 'We have been contacted by a
company called sparkl. with a highly appealing proposition. As you are probably aware, sparkl. is a start
up, same as us, and they are in our market. They are not necessarily stealing too much of our market
share, so that's worth considering.'
'In other words, sparkl. have different clients than we do, more or less', you interject.
'More. Yes', continues Simone. 'They recently came forth with a proposition to merge their company
with ours. Alex, you will continue to hold the CEO of the new entity, while Jericha, their current CEO,
will be the COO of the company.'
'Consider the implications. Should we approach with an offer?'
'Absolutely! Strength in unity, right?'
Go to (43).
'No way! Sounds like we'd be splitting our profits not doubling them.'
68.
Go to (3).
Your quarterly figures indicate your business is shaping up nicely. Revenues almost doubled in the last
six months.
'Cheers for your hard work!', you raise a glass. Of water. It's work, after all.
33
'A growing revenue means we need to make several important decisions for the future of Draxxon
Glass', you say. 'First, and that's on me, we are stepping into unknown territory and we need a Financial
Analyst. I will see to that as soon as possible.'
'I sense an expansion', sings Simone.
'That's another point, yes!' You confirm her hunch. 'We must decide if we're expanding people-wise, or
product-wise. There's a possibility of acquiring bubbl., a start-up in the same market as us, as well,
which I think might be profitable in the long run.'
'Oh, that's exciting, awesome' steps in your acquisition manager.
'Yeah, and we need to act fast so we keep up the rising numbers.' The importance of quick decision
making cannot be stressed out enough, you think.
What is your course of action?
You continue to invest in inventory and fixed assets.
Go to (44).
Everybody offers to work harder for the time being and hold the fort until candidates or a clear all
around solution presents itself. This isn’t the time to rest, they all agree. Go to (63).
Acquire bubbl. Go to (36).
Hire new people as quickly as possible. All hands on deck works only if there are hands to go on the
deck. Go to (55).
69.
'Ben, I want this week's competitor analysis on my desk by 4 on Friday, thanks.' you overhear one of
your managers saying.
'Simone, would you come here a minute, I want to run an idea we have by you?' your other chief of
staff says.
Curious, you think, wondering if either approach is better. With one you get more results in a stricter
succession. With the other you get a hive mind working towards a better solution. You observe them
more closely for a week and come up with a way to address the discrepancy. Draxxon Glass is a start
up and the best thing to do when addressing the discrepancy is the following (you think). You set up a
management meeting and say:
Go to (103).
'I appreciate some of you are looking for maximum feedback before making decisions and distributing
tasks, but that's not the optimal way to move forward for a small firm. Those of you who do that, cut it
out.'
'Authoritative decision-making style is the best way to ensure productivity. Keep it up.'
Go to (85).
'There are thousands of benefits of managers working together with employees. Everyone needs to
have the opportunity to be part of the decision-making process.' Go to (92).
'Look. Employees must be involved in decision-making. Open communication is paramount. Telling
people what to do isn't effective, okay. Everyone, implement this style, and let's not have to meet to
discuss this topic again.' Go to (96).
34
70.
I know I am being the oldest brother, you say to yourself, rationalizing, but fairy tales are not universally
true. Not even the gospel should be followed like the gospel.
As it seems to always happen in business, soon after you decline Chiccone's proposition, they find
another company to partner with. And their success is immediate. Somebody else found the idea of
low-cost products combined with lower-cost add-ons, sold & distributed by the same people, exciting
enough. And now they are earning a lot of money very quickly.
Deduct 19 Money points for missed opportunities.
If you have already decided on matters of changing product prices, go to (69).
Otherwise, go to (105).
71.
'Alex Field?' somebody asks. She looks like a person you might have known from college.
'Yes?' you say.
'You've been served', says the woman, as you accept the envelope she is handing you.
This is very bad.
Matt is suing you for wrongful termination. And everybody else in the office knows what's happening.
You can feel their eyes on your neck, and it grows hot. You feel like you've lost something.
You have lost something, you realise. It's called respect. You lost it when you didn’t even consider
discussing with Matt first. You never even gave him a chance. The two remaining musketeers have
learned his story; he is having some very personal problems. He did not deserve being shown the door
like this.
Deduct 19 Money, 2 Prestige, and 2 Productivity points.
If you have already decided on matters of introducing an add-on low-cost product, go to (69).
Otherwise, if your business is water, go to (100); if it is jewelry, go to (152).
72.
You spend the day not being a superstar of productivity. You're too busy doing a meta-analysis of your
choices so far. You want to make money but you're not willing to take chances. You wonder, are you
Draxxon Glass's biggest enemy?
You browse online.
You consult specialists.
You check your reviews, and online engagement. A comment sticks out.
"Best value for money. Wouldn't consider if pricing was higher, but perfect as is." Okay, cool! Keeping
the price as is kept at least that one client.
Add 3 Prestige and 3 Productivity points. You deserved it.
35
Go to (95).
73.
You come back to work as focused as ever. You have one goal, and one goal only: gain clients. Once you
have them, inspire brand loyalty. There is enough business for both the other companies and you, so
you conclude that your clients must be firms who have never had a company servicing their dispenser
and cooling system needs. Instead of, you know, stealing other companies' clients, and being
proclaimed King Jackass.
The agency you are renting the office space from has agreed to provide third party data to you, for
commission, which means you will now learn their new and prospective clients. These will be companies
that are yet to equip their offices, same as you, and you are planning to be the firm that will carry out
their water dispenser and cooling systems services.
Cold calling is typically an ungrateful activity but it delivers when you're targeting the right people.
Clients are popping up like mushrooms, or like businesses pop up in this age and galactic coordinates.
Add 19 Money points to your balance, and congratulate your colleagues for a job well done.
Draxxon Glass is on target, has a laser-focused plan, and is generating revenue.
And let’s get adventurous. There is a lot more to happen to you, so take a die (or a coin), roll it (or flip
it), and if you get a number between 1 and 3 (or heads), go to (97).
If you get a number between 4 and 6 (or tails), go to (78).
74.
After a more in-depth investigation into the matter, your biggest rival, the analysis shows, is bubl. A
company that offers systems for DIY water carbonation.
You go out of your way to try and hold onto to your own client base. You bring in an engineer to map
out what it'd cost to create a similar product as bubbl.'s. That whole endeavour also costs money and
doesn't really lead to any productive results.
In fact, bubbl. is interested in B2C; they don't even come close to putting a hand to your client list.
You lost energy over a fictitious threat.
'Drat', you say, the epitome of eloquence.
Deduct 16 Money and 3 Productivity points.
Go to (68).
10:37 AM.
75.
Matt is still not in the office. It's the third time this week, and it's somehow only Tuesday. His reports
are, needless to say, late, and none of this is helping morale around Draxxon Glass.
36
The remaining two musketeers are getting restless too and a pattern of late coming starts to form.
You need to contain this.
Deduct 17 Money, 4 Productivity, and 2 Prestige points.
Terminate his contract immediately. There is no room for underachievers in a start-up. Go to (71).
Schedule a one-on-one and address the reasons for his underperformance.
Ask him why he is underperforming during your next team meeting.
76.
Draxxon Glass made the cut for NYC's Small Businesses Top 100 List.
'Good job, team! That's a major, major achievement' you congratulate everyone.
Go to (101).
Go to (104).
'Now, it's time we got super serious about the money and hired a financial analyst. We want to be in
Top 10 next year, okay?'
You're quick to set the agenda.
This time, you're recruiting with a recruiter. The ad you decided to go with reads:
Draxxon Glass, a local leader in the water dispenser and coolers industry, is currently
seeking a full-time Financial Analyst. The position will provide primary support for the
operations in NYC. The ideal candidate will be creative, a self-starter, and with impeccable
attention to detail. The position is bas in NYC.
Responsibilities:  - - - - - - -
Financial Planning & Analysis
Partner with territory managers to develop full understanding of their
organization’s operating budgets and strategic priorities
Responsible for budgeting, forecasting, reporting, and analyzing overhead, G&A,
and Sales & Marketing expenses
Manage marketing PO creation and own reporting and tracking of marketing
expenses
Monthly financial reporting
Create and develop accurate financial and management reports to drive month end
process - Provide monthly actual versus plan and forecast variance analysis to
business partners and territory leaders, including explanation of key drivers -
Facilitate month and quarter end close (accruals) and intercompany transactions
Work with business partners to improve financial planning and reporting processes
Qualifications
37
2+ years of relevant financial analysis experience  - - - - - - - - -
Bachelor’s degree (Finance, Accounting, Economics or related business discipline)
Personality which thrives in casual, fun, yet demanding work environment
Strong communication skills
Excellent quantitative and analytical skills
Working knowledge of IFRS, GAAP, finance concepts, and internal controls
An ever-present desire to learn and grow
Team player that can listen and communicate effectively with client groups, analyze
needs, and find best practice solutions
MS Excel, Hyperion Planning & Essbase, Oracle PBCS, Microstrategy, and
PeopleSoft preferred
Four candidates made the recruiter's cut and are presented for your consideration.
Ellen, 28 years old, started as a supply chain assistant, worked as a Marketing Analyst for three years,
and is ready for her next career move.
Thomas, 26 years old, worked as a business process analyst for the last three years, before that he was
a financial analyst in a small firm.
Cathleen, 33 years old, worked as a controller for five years, then worked as a financial analyst for two
years, and now she’s looking for her next job after maternity.
Edward, 36 years old, eight years of accounting, three years as a financial analyst, and two years as a
finance manager. Has been unemployed for a year.
Who will you hire?
Ellen
Thomas
Cathleen
Edward
Go to (53).
Go to (27).
Go to (35).
Go to (46).
77.
Jamie welcomes you in a minimalistically decorated small conference room, with little to no soft
surfaces in sight. It conveys a feeling of austerity but it's functional to the last detail. You immediately
get a sense of what the company Jamie represents is about.
'Can you give me some details about the package you are offering', you ask, because you are here to
do business and business must be done.
'Sure, Alex', Jamie begins. 'What we do is we offer maximum functionality with the cleanest design.'
Shocker, you think.
38
'What about customizability? Is that easily arranged, what kind of support and maintenance do you
provide?' you ask.
'Everything we do is flexible so you can make changes later. For small and routine fixes you won't even
get an invoice', Jamie explains. 'All our designers and other members of the team are in-house,' she
continues, 'and I'd be happy to make the introduction. You've met me already, so that's a start.'
'Super, super', you say. 'And the design is very clean, and easy to use you say? So, it follows the rules,
is relatively standardized, something people are accustomed to?'
'Exactly!' Jamie agrees. 'We don't aim to shake up the status quo and amaze with looks. We want to
make users happy, and never leave a question in their minds. Does that make sense?'
'Absolutely.'
Do you want to go with this design, or do you want to keep looking for something more special and
awe-inspiring?
Choose Jamie's services.
Meet with Paola.
If your business is water-related, go to (79); if it is jewelry, go to (143).
Go to (56).
78.
The wicked never sleep, I see, you think to yourself as you do the weekly competitor analysis. Three
new companies have sprouted online within the same industry as yours.
'Guys!' you call out to everyone. Simone gives you a stern look.
'...and ladies', you add with a tiny bow and smile, 'we may or may not have a problem. I don’t know,
you tell me. This week's analysis shows that there are new firms popping up left and right and offer
products that can be considered substitutes for ours. People can choose their stuff, our stuff, certainly
not both. Should we worry?'
As it goes, both yes's and no's erupt.
That's what you get for not calling in a formal meeting. Open offices, yeesh, you think.
You are still worried that these substitute products on the market will affect the amount of business
Draxxon Glass generates, and you take action. If your business is water-related, go to (74); if it is
jewelry, go to (141).
At least our fellow worker bees mostly agreed it's not a threat. You decide not to worry and let it play
out.
If your business is water-related, go to (13). If it is jewelry, go to (113).
79.
'TARI, IT'S LIVE! DraxxonGlass.com is on Google and everything. Come have a look', you gesture towards
yourself.
'Ooh, it's super smooth and clean. This is almost as satisfying as looking at unlikely objects fitting neatly
in one another. It's fantastic, Alex. It's classy but also seems to follow all the rules for user experience,
am I right?' Tari asks.
39
'Totally', you proudly agree.
Your first data coming in only corroborate the feeling you have for having made the absolute right call.
Engagement is high, customer bounce rate is low, and orders are coming in in large quantities.
Add 17 points to Money and 2 points each to Productivity, and Prestige.
Since you cannot stay idle, regardless of the awesome break you just caught, you glance at your planner
and set out to cover new business-owner avenues.
Time to rectify the equipment-less office.
The office is fine, but the logistics aren't.
Go to (22).
Go to (28).
You have covered all of the basics, so you continue the game on (31).
80.
'Alex, you are an amazing businessman slash genius', shares her expert opinion with you Ika.
'I know, I know' you say, pulling on your dispensers.
'We will start working on the campaign immediately. There are new customers coming in every minute,
this is a growing market after all, and we should target them all, right?'
'Yep. Our platform must be definitely in consideration when they decide they are in need of a water
dispensing system.'
'Or coolers', Ika chuckles.
'Or coolers', you agree.
Add 20 Money and 4 Prestige points and strut proudly onto (39).
81.
Cookies are great, thank the creator for the cookies, you think.  (And while readers may ask themselves:
chocolate chip or peanut butter cookies, what is referred to here are internet browser cookies.)
Thanks to cookies, you discover that sparkl., a competitor on the market, has started a marketing
campaign that actually threatens your business this time.
sparkl. didn't used to be a threat, because a growing market meant a lot of customers for everyone.
But now they are offering a classic 3-for-2 bundle deal, which equals stepping onto your territory.
Clearly, if sparkl. is appealing to the customers with lower buying capabilities, but those are customers
you could have attracted, too. Draxxon Glass has a cost-leadership profile.
But you are cornered now, and the knife is hitting bone. Your only out, it seems, is to respond with your
own version of the 3-for-2.
You will do it.
Go to (59).
You are not going to it.  Go to (7).
40
82.
"Three for two means more for me and more for you" reads the bubbl. ad. It's a massive social media
campaign. They are using Instagram to appeal to both high-net worth individuals, and their peer group
of slightly lower socio-economic status, which you guess is not the best idea. They are trying to
implement a hybrid strategy where the product they offer is both differentiated and heavily discounted.
That's not going to turn a profit, you think. To be successful in a premium business, you can't market
your goods haphazardly, shooting arrows in all directions until you hit something.
'We stay on target', you let everyone know.
Give yourself 3 Prestige and 18 Money points, and continue to (93).
83.
*Patter-pATter-pattER*
This is the sound butterfly wings make when a butterfly flutters by your ear. You may recognise it; if
not, consider going out more.
You took your own advice not to worry and instead organized a team building event on a butterfly farm.
You have been instructed on how to ensure you are gentle when catching them, how not to hurt them,
and how to release them back into the world.
Meanwhile, something else is being released into the world. Another water dispenser business.
And they are going for it, slashing prices, and gaining speed in your own client fragment.
You chose a bad time to chase butterflies.
Deduct 18 Money, 2 Productivity, and 2 Prestige points.
You think of several curse words at the same time. Now you need to take action after the fact. Against
other aspiring companies. Drat. Drat. Drat.
You invest in marketing and decrease prices.
Go to (64).
You focus on setting up long term contracts with clients and create switching costs.
84.
Go to (47).
Your acquisition manager raises two hands to gain the attention of everyone around the room.
'Everyone, I will begin with no pathos whatsoever: these are the biggest and most immediately relevant
decisions we will ever make. Ever.'
Some people seem confused but there's a hint of a smile in the speaker’s eyes and they loosen up.
But the opening statement had the desired effect: people are paying attention to every word uttered.
'The suppliers we're working with right now we've been working with since the very beginning of
Draxxon Glass. They're doing a good job, and the fact that they are a local firm makes logistics a lot
easier', they continue. 'Nonetheless', voice raising, 'the quality of what we're getting is nothing short of
41
acceptable. Unfortunately, acceptable is where it also stops. I am bringing this up because there's a
switching opportunity on the table. No, literally, it's on the table. Look at the folders I have laid out in
front of you.'
Someone is having fun.
'There's an Italian company somewhere-', you begin reading the memo in the folder.
'Probably in Italy', Simone quips.
'Probably in Italy, yes, that's claiming to sell a high-end product, possibly better than what we're
currently getting, and it... costs only a little above what we're currently paying? Is that right?' you ask.
'Yes, that's the gist. If I am about to continue the conversation I need to know if this is something you'd
be interested to pursue, Alex, switching to a more expensive but better quality supplier?' Bam. Straight
to the point.
Are you interested in switching suppliers, given the implications?
'We are just starting to develop a relationship of loyalty with the guys we're working with currently. I
don't think it's worth it, to be honest, no.'
If your business is water-related, go to (99); if it is
jewelry, go to (151).
'New opportunities are there to be caught. Let's keep the discussion with these Italians going.' If your
business is water-related, go to (60); if it is jewelry, go to (134).
85.
Among the many quirky small-office practices Draxxon Glass has adopted, sending out paper plane
notes is by far the quirkiest. And the most chaotic. The only rule is not to intercept communication.
Having a note confiscated by the teacher and read out loud to the class is a terrible, terrible fate for the
unfortunate student, and everyone outright agreed not to do it.
It was an honest mistake when a paper plane landed right next to your foot and you opened it. It wasn't
for you. It's about you. Apparently, people are not impressed with the demonstration of strong
character you did this morning.
There is a crude drawing of you and two other people. The managers in question, you assume.
You are holding a whip and pointing forward, with a balloon bubble saying WORK!
People think we're tyrants, you realize. That's horrible.
Deduct 2 Prestige and 4 Productivity points.
Go to (108).
86.
'This is a *smart* goal, well done, everybody!' says Simone after you call in a meeting to present the
new 12-month action plan.
You know Simone is right. That's why you went with this option. Smart means Specific, Measurable,
Achievable, Relevant, and Timely. They taught you that on 11-Delta-X.
42
Add 19 Money and 3 Productivity points.
What are you waiting for, carry on, carry on...
If your business is water, go to (100) or (105); your choice. If your business is jewelry, go to (152) or
(105); your choice.
87.
Stevie and you meet for lunch on Tuesday, at 1 pm. You booked a table at a vegan sushi restaurant,
because you like to avoid awkward situations.
You discuss the weather, where taxpayers' money goes, the weather... until you reach the looming topic
of Business.
'So, what kind of business are we talking about?' asks Stevie.
'We are called Draxxon Glass, and we are a company that deals primarily with delivering and installing
home and office water syst-...'
'...and that's why you need a logistics superhero', she smirks. 'Awesome! I can definitely help you get
set up. But my time doesn't come for free.'
'I know, I know, "There ain't no such things as a free lunch" as they say', you remark. 'I've done this kind
of thing before, and we arranged the compensation according to the project timeline. Does that sound
like something you can do? We're talking something in the ballpark of $1,800.'
'My fee is $100 per hour, but we can work around it. Certainly $1,800 sounds like a fair number now,
but it will be hectic work, and we may work overtime. The real numbers you're thinking of are around
30 hours of work. That said, $2,300 and you sharing some of the load sounds a lot more normal, doesn't
it?'
What do you say?
'Alright. Sounds fair. Let's shake on it.' Go to (20).
'I don't think we can reach an agreement on these terms. I am happy to shake hands on $1,800 but not
a cent more. Thanks for the lunch.' Go to (12).
88.
You kind of wish you had recorded the convention. Apparently you didn't get enough learning done on
site.
Draxxon Glass is gaining speed in brand awareness but it's definitely not attracting the high-end
customers you hoping to impress. Your innovative service needs a recognizable and respected name to
make them ogle.
'Maybe next time', you say to yourself, stroking the armrest of your chair, deep in thought.
Deduct 17 Money points, but add 2 Prestige.
If you haven’t been to (68), the game continues on (68).
43
Otherwise, and if your business is water related, go to (81); if it is jewelry, go to (145).
89.
Inhaling deeply.
'I love the smell of money in the morning', you say, very much reminding yourself of a grotesque
children's animation character.
You don't mean bad, though. The strategy is paying off, and Draxxon Glass is making profit.
It has been two months and your numbers are amazing.
Unfortunately, you begin to notice that your existing customers who the price change also affected, are
spontaneously terminating their contracts. They are switching services, and you can't do anything to
stop them. These are the people whose long-term contracts have reached their renewal dates, but
renewal is no longer an option for them.
Deduct 22 Money and 3 Prestige points.
Go to (95).
90.
Like Mary Shelley and her most famous character, your decision to join forces with Chiccone resulted
in a marvellous new entity. Unlike them, however, your creation is not chased away by angry villagers.
It is welcomed by the people in the Village, and around.
Low-cost products, with lower-cost add-ons, sold & distributed by the same people, have the
opportunity to earn a lot of money very fast.
Add 21 Money, 6 Productivity, and 3 Prestige points.
If you have already decided on matters of changing product prices, go to (69).
Otherwise, go to (105).
91.
'Did you take an "I think I'm a marketing manager" pill today, Alex?' Ika gives you her expert opinion.
'Not a good idea?' Your eyebrow is so raised its about to reach your hairline.
'Not really. See, we're in a growing market, right?' she starts explaining.
'Yes?'
'So, in a growing market there is tons of new entry clients, customers who've never bought the service
or product we're providing, in the way we're providing it...'
'Cool?'
'We want to get those customers. We can worry about creating a loyal fan base after we have the fan
base, right?'
44
'Right. So, we should do an awareness campaign then?' you concede.
'Exactly.' Ika winks.
If it wasn't for Ika, you would have gone ahead and done loyalty-based marketing.
Deduct 19 Money points.
If your business is water-related, go to (39). If it is jewelry, go to (120).
92.
'That's a very skilled way of handling the situation, Alex'.
Tari has been actively following to your Draxxon Glass adventures all year, even though she has had
plenty of work herself.
'It's a subtle but direct way of showing everyone that open-mindedness and feedback-feedforward
systems work best. Very nice. How did everyone react?', she asks, ' Any backlash?'
'No, it was a pretty calm meeting, with, I think, zero balance shifting consequences', you reply.
'That's good!'
Tari is looking around for an inviting place for dinner, she is too hungry to keep chewing on this topic
without food on the table.
Very well.
Add 2 Prestige and 4 Productivity points.
Go to (108).
93.
Seasons pass, the calendar bleeds leaf after leaf. The crowns of the trees are thorny, set against an
aureole of scarlet sky. Yet, nothing is more dramatic than the board meeting Draxxon Glass is having
this late afternoon.
Big questions are on the table for a firm that is, for all intents and purposes, small.
Your agenda looks like this:
Should we take charge of more activities throughout the value chain?
Should we merge with another start-up?
Go to (67).
Go to (30).
Should we switch suppliers to receive better quality products?  Go to (84).
Pick your poison.
45
94.
Let's do A and B and we'll hit C. In theory, setting up goals is easy. Now, the time has come to determine
what Draxxon Glass must accomplish in the next 12 months to continue growing, remain relevant in
the market, and get to NYC Small Companies Top 10.
You are talking to Ika and you're trying to pinpoint the action points that'll get you there.
'How about “Grow domestic sales by 12% and foreign sales by 16%”?' your manager proposes.
'Yes, that'll do it.'
Go to (98).
'No… Let's get more specific.'
Continue reading.
'Okay, how about... “Grow domestic sales by 12% and foreign sales by 16% by the end of the year”?'
'That's more like it! Let's put it on the agenda.' you say.  Go to (65).
'No, no, that's a given. Come on Ika, we can do better than that.' you say.
Continue reading.
'I am off my game, aren't I? Right. “In 2017, grow US sales by 20%, considering we grew 16% last year?
And we would need to hire four new employees to our sales team.”'
'That's the spot! This is what we're setting out to do!'
Go to (86).
'No-o-o, okay, go one more time, and then we'll call a team meeting and discuss.'
reading.
If this wasn't such a big deal, you'd be chuckling: this is borderline insane.
Ika is silent for a second.
Continue
'“Grow revenues by 16% and EBITDA by 20% by the end of the year. We can do that by acquiring 112
new clients”. There.'
'Sweet. That's perfect! Okay, prepare the presentation and let's call in a team meeting.'
You've got it now.
Go to (29).
95.
'Guys, do you know what the physicist said to the young boy about to jump off the Empire
State Building?' asks Matt.
'No, what?'
'Don't do it, you have so much potential', he says, choking on laughter. It takes a second but you get it.
Matt is great fun. He is one of the "three musketeers in the office", one of the first proper hires you
made.
46
But Matt is also systematically underperforming. You like Matt, you don't want to have to play "bad
cop" with him. But sometimes that's just what you need to do, you think.
How will you approach?
Good cop: Wait a bit until his performance improves.
Go to (75).
Bad cop option one: Schedule a one-on-one meeting and ask about the reasons for his
underperformance.
Go to (101).
Bad cop option two: Ask him why he’s underperforming during your next team meeting. Go to (104).
Go to (71).
Bad cop option three: Terminate his contract immediately. There is no room for underachievers in a
start-up.
96.
'"Implement this, implement that, but guys, decisions are made together." Yeah, right, I had a lot of
voice in this particular decision.'
'Do as I preach, not as I do, that should be Alex's motto.'
You keep overhearing comments like these, and you cannot understand what called for them.
Communication is important, really, and that's what you believe in, so that's what you preached.
'You could have handled it with more elegance, you know', says Tari when you tell her about the terrible
day at work you had.
'Your decision, however well-intended, was thrust upon everyone else. You're telling them that all
opinions must be heard and taken into account, but you completely bulldozer them and *command*
that they behave in a specific way.'
'Bu-' you try to defend yourself.
'Yes, I know it's best for everyone if your managers were patient and considerate, as well as
"managerial" but that applies to you too, okay?'
'Right', you say, still not entirely sure why you're to blame right now.
Tari sees right through that. 'You'll get there, love', she says and you know the conversation is over.
Deduct 2 Prestige points.
Go to (108).
97.
'Okay, everybody, we aren't competing with existing companies,' your acquisition manager pops a head
above a monitor, 'but are we going to just sit around and play nice if new companies start entering the
market, same as us? Shouldn't we consider the possible threat that imposes?'
'Valid question. But the thing is, how will they threaten us?'', you respond. 'I mean, even if you think
about a company entering the water dispenser track, how are they going to compete with us? Are they
47
going to start developing premium cooling systems, with the Apple logo on them? If that's the case,
their target customers don't overlap with ours.'
'That's the thing. But if they offer the exact same product? If they start aggressively targeting our market
share?' The acquisition manager, whoever you chose, defends the point.
'I suppose that's one way things can start heading south for us, yep. But our products are as good as
the standard product can be. People wouldn't switch providers just because there is somebody new on
the market.'
'It's possible they innovate?' joins the discussion Simone.
That's true, you agree, using your inner voice.
'That's true', you agree, using your outer voice.
Take some preparatory action and be on stand-by.
Go to (24).
You still think new companies are no threat and innovation can come on the twelfth of never.
to (83).
98.
Go
As soon as you call a team meeting and brief everyone on the decisions you and have made, you get
some helpful feedback.
'Guys, we can try and shoot for the stars', Simone begins, 'but we'd need a lot more human resources
to do what you want us to do. As we are, right not, I don't think this is achievable.'
'Right. Good point. Thanks', you say.
'And', Ben steps up, 'we should probably stick to local market only. It'll be incredibly expensive to grow
the foreign market. It hasn't been our focus until now... It's not that relevant to our business model, I
don’t think.'
'Interesting. You're dismantling our whole plan', you laugh. 'What else?'
'Um, do we have a timeline, apart from "next twelve months"?' asks Lysa.
'Not a very specific one, no', you say.
Your takeaway is that the goals need a lot of revising to become... smart.
Deduct 19 Money and 4 Productivity points.
What are you waiting for, carry on, carry on...
If your business is water, go to (100) or (105); your choice. If your business is jewelry, go to (152) or
(105); your choice.
99.
A log. An old log, hollow on the inside. It's filled with animals of all sorts: in couples, or in small herds.
Families, most of them. Sloths, tigers, tortoises, anteaters, hedgehogs.  One particular hedgehog is what
48
you're thinking about. He's old, a grandpa of seven. All animals have started to abandon the log, some
respectable reason drives them to do so. The old hedgehog, however, is reluctant.
'Come on, Grandpa, we need to go...' His seven grandkids are pulling at his leg, but he's holding on for
dear life.
'No! I'm not going! I was born on this log, and here is where I'll die!'.
Yep, stubborn.
You recognise yourself in the Grandpa.
Your decisions, however, weren't based on blind stubbornness. First, you're a cost-leadership company,
therefore even a slight increase in costs will have a huge impact on your P&L.
In addition, the relationship you've been building with your local supplier is already securing better
prices for you, less volatility, faster logistics, open communication channels, and so much more.
Add 19 Money and 2 Productivity points.
Move on to 1. Should we take charge of more activities throughout the value chain?
(30).
Move on to 2. Should we merge with another start-up?  Go to (67).
If you have exhausted all points on the agenda, move on to (76).
100.
'It's time fo-o-or?' you ask everyone.
It's the last Friday of the month, and you all know what that means.
'LaserTag!' shouts back the office.
Go to
The last Friday of the month you leave work early and everyone goes lazer-tagging. It's a fun team
building extravaganza and it's one of the office traditions you hold dearest. You all receive a healthy
dose of rivalry and a fresh start on Monday.
This week, however, something strange happens as you go to the place. There is someone waiting for
you.
He is wearing casual clothes but you can sense an air of professional courtesy surrounding your small
talk.
'I have a business proposition for you, Alex of Draxxon Glass.' he says finally. 'I realize it's a Friday and
my approach is unconventional but tell you what - let me play with you, and if my team wins, you'll give
me some of your time to hear out my proposition.' This guy is cocky.
'And if I win?' you retort.
'We part ways, and I never try to contact you again.' He smirks. 'But you won't.'
The game unfolds and he is an Olympics-level laser-tag champion. If there were such a thing.
The team he led, won, and you gave him the time of day.
49
'I am a representative of a company called Chiccone. We deal with cleaning supplies and maintenance
equipment for vending machines, dispensers, coolers, the entire range of products. We would like to
sell our products next to yours on your platform. It will be a low-cost add-on item, and you would
expand your offering. Am I sensing a Yes approaching?'
'It is indeed. I assume the synergies will be interesting, too. We can discuss formalities over a formal
meeting on Monday.' Go to (90).
'No offence, but not really. It just doesn't particularly fit our business model. Great game, though!'
Go to (70).
101.
'Matt, is there anything happening in your personal life? I don't want to pry, I am just trying to figure
out why you made a 180-degree turn and from a wonderful employee choice you became a colleague
that makes me tear out my hair at night. No offense.' You want to rip off the bandage quickly.
At least there is nobody else here to overhear your conversation.
'Sorry, Alex, I know the position I'm putting you in isn't ideal.'
'Oh, it's so far from ideal, you can't even see where the ideal is anymore,', you snap.
'Yeah, I know. Look, my dog developed a condition and we're doing treatments. He's been given a life
expectancy of two years, and it's rough. I try to spend as much time with him as I can...'
Oh. You back off a step.
'I'm sorry to hear that. Regardless, you know you can come to me for that sort of thing. I need to know
what's happening so I can react, okay?'
'Yeah, that makes sense. Won't happen again, Alex. Thanks for calling me in here, by the way.
I don't want everyone else to know things aren't perfect in Matt's life...'
'No worries.'
You two develop a work plan to go around the issue and in 6 weeks Matt is back on being on top.
Add 4 Productivity points.
If you have already decided on matters of introducing an add-on low-cost product, go to
(69).
Otherwise, if your business is water, go to (100); if it is jewelry, go to (152).
102.
Stevie shoots back an email. She's okay with these terms. Success!
Deduct 16 points from Money, but add 3 Productivity.
50
She calls you the next day and gives you the reigns for the following decision. You need to select the
type of vehicles you think will suit your business best. You have two options: Large vehicles, which are
more expensive but save time; and smaller vehicles, which are cheaper but more mobile in the city.
What do you choose?
Three large commercial vans; the more expensive but also the BIGGER option.
Go to (128).
Two smaller minivans; the cheaper option; you can make up for the size in number of trips made. Go
to (119).
103.
Among the many quirky small-office practices Draxxon Glass has adopted, sending out paper plane
notes is by far the quirkiest. And the most chaotic. The only rule is not to intercept communication.
Having a note confiscated by the teacher and read out loud to the class is a terrible, terrible fate for the
unfortunate student, and everyone outright agreed not to do it.
It was an honest mistake when a paper plane landed right next to your foot and you opened it. It wasn't
for you. It's about you. Apparently, people are not impressed with the demonstration of strong
character you did in the meeting.
"Cut it out" it read, and then like in chain-mail several people had added their personalised quips. You
get an unpleasant feeling in your stomach. It's not their fault, of course.
Both you and the rest of the office could have handled the situation better.
Deduct 2 Prestige and 4 Productivity points.
Go to (108).
104.
'And last but not least, can everyone direct their attention to Matt... Matt, focus, please.' You were
about to wrap up the meeting but remembered you need to address Matt's behavior as of lately.
'Matt, you are aware, I assume, that you are being outperformed by everyone in here. Would you like
to explain to us why that's the case. I am happy to go with whatever reason, just give me an explanation.'
Matt is taken aback by your abrupt approach, but since he doesn't really have a way out, he says, 'Sorry,
Alex, everyone, I am faced with a personal matter, and that's eating away my time.'
He decides to elaborate.
'My dog developed a condition and we're doing treatments. He's been given a life expectancy of two
years, and it's rough. I try to spend as much time with him as I can.'
Now everyone at the table is feeling uncomfortable. You didn't need to do that, they think.
'Sorry to hear that, Matt', you say, also surprised by the honest response. 'We should continue the
conversation in my office. Everyone, good meeting, thanks!'
And the meeting is closed.
51
Not inviting Matt for a one-on-one initially costs you a lot of respect around the office.
Deduct 4 Prestige points.
If you have already decided on matters of introducing an add-on low-cost product, go to (69).
Otherwise, if your business is water, go to (100); if it is jewelry, go to (152).
105.
'One way to increase profit is by increasing the price of our products, portfolio-wise', tells you your
marketing manager. 'We have simulated several scenarios, and Draxxon Glass will reach its most
profitable state if we implement a 10% mass increase.'
'That's not a lot', you say.
'We can try it out. We're in the business of making money after all.'
to (89); if it is jewelry, go to (148).
If your business is water, go
'But there might still be a backlash from clients, and a competitor can easily take advantage. It's a fragile
ecosystem, our business. We'll keep prices as they are.'  If your business is water-related, go to (72); if
it is jewelry, go to (139).
106.
*Click.*
'Alright, PCs, monitors, a printer, good office chairs, small kitchen unit, and glass desks.  Not the most
accommodating office space but we will improve as we go on.'
Your business needs to start creating revenue, profit, and then you can help your cocoon office grow
into a beautiful butterfly.
Now that this is taken care of, you recruit a few valuable characters and kick off the company.
You start holding regular meetings. During one, you catch Simone, your office manager, glancing
absent-mindedly to the bare walls. You ask her if there's anything wrong.
'No, no, sorry, Alex, I was just wondering how to make this place look more like home - we do spend 8
10 hours a day in the office.'
She has a point.
Subtract 2 Productivity points.
You could have budgeted the furnishing better.
Switch back to shopping mode. Go to (5).
Go to (28).
Shopping can wait. You are better off figuring out logistics now. You are in the delivery business after
all.
You won't sell much until you make your online presence, well, existent. Build the website.
to (40).
Go
52
If you've done all of that, and your business is water-related, continue the game on (31); if it is jewelry,
continue on (111).
107.
A company called Rikkon is trying to enter dangerous waters. Your waters.
Their products are glorious, as is their platform. But they won't have an easy time making it in the
market, or at least they won't affect your profits because you laid out your cards nicely in advance.
Your customers know your brand well, and often see your products worn by Instagram influencers. You
know that if a new alternative hits the market, you will be considered first.
Your current business is protected.
Add 3 Productivity points to your Score Sheet.
What about your future business?
You put your Master Businessman pants on (your successes sometimes get to your head) and proceed
to other avenues. Hopefully, they will like your pants there too and you will continue the good streak.
If you haven't been on (78), go to (78).
Otherwise, select one of the following.
Mystery avenue #1.
Mystery avenue #2.
Go to (68).
Go to (57).
108.
Not all resolutions are a 100% rewarding. Some journeys end with the King and Queen giving you their
sincerest thanks for ensuring their offspring are safe and sound. Others end with fireworks and
everyone dancing out a complex choreography. And third… Third finish with the hero turning to the
Score sheet, equipped with some calculating software and their trusty patience.
Your journey is of the third type. Draxxon Glass has been alive for almost two years now, and you kept
it safe from various tragedies. Give yourself some credit for it. Well done.
We, the makers, would now like to extend a friendly hand to you and offer to give you feedback on your
performance. Send us your results (Money, Productivity, and Prestige totals), and we will give you a
valuation of your business.
Thank you for fighting on until the very end.
109.
New day, new luck, you think as you try to figure out how you're going to come up with the resources
to back your Premium Online Jewelry Store. You don't even have a name for it, you realise. That's a
rookie move. But, boy, are you happy with the decision you made! Creating a premium brand will not
be difficult but if you’re savvy enough you can do it, you know that. And making a product stand out is
the only way to sell and market something as expensive as jewelry. As you can’t (okay, you can, but you
53
shouldn’t) rely on your good fortune and excellent decision-making skills all day and waste away
precious time, you decide to crack on and give the company name a go.
You sit yourself down at the kitchen stool, Ari on your knee, playing with a xylophone. Not distracting,
at all; you are calm, you are focused. And you try to think hard about the name of your company. You
need to buy the domain too.
You realise you're stuck, you can't come up with anything with a nice ring to it. You put Ari in her
personal (overpriced) seat, pick up a pen and a piece of paper, and start trying out names.
Let’s break the fourth wall for a minute, shall we? The reader, also, is kindly asked to do the same,
unless they have already found the perfect name for their company. Feel free to try out dropping a pot
and getting inspired by the sounds that come off it. Go for onomatopoeia if you need more inspiration.
Once you have created your name, write it down at the top of the Score Sheet.
Draxxon Glass is what you came up with. Not excellent SEO but you'll think your way around this.
The door of your NYC brownstone opens and Tari storms in.
'What kind of company has a walk-in office with samples and all, and only sells Business to Business
only?!', she starts, clearly upset. 'Sorry, Alex, I'll explain… Okay, I took a walk downtown to look for an
office chair for you. You know, so you can set up a home office for now', and I found a beautiful
ergonomic one, with an adaptable exoskeleton, and asked for the price. Apparently, I didn’t look like a
company-owner to them, because I was told "I am sorry, Miss, we only sell B2B. Private citizens can find
this model online" Great.'
'Uh, that's okay, though, we'll be a B soon. By the way, we're called Draxxon Glass, isn't it awesome?',
again, the excitement hit.
'Yes, yes, it's great, Alex. What are we going to do by the way? Are we servicing private individuals, well
off families, and so on, or do you want to cater to corporate clientele, like going into the movie
business… or, I don’t know – make jewelry accessible to the average individual.'
Awesome. Tari matches your speed and is all fired up.
'Well, I've been thinking we should try and cater to average individuals' Go to (33).
'Well, I've been thinking we should try and cater to high net-worth individuals'
110.
Go to (18).
With a team all ready to go, and all the essential members present, you call in the first official Board of
Directors meeting. Fine. You don't *really* have a board of directors, but you have bright and skilled
employees and advisors, and that's who you want to discuss the future of Draxxon Glass with.
'Thanks for coming, everyone', you say as if they had a choice, or did any actual coming: the meeting
place is your office.
'I would just like to run a few things by you', you begin. 'I know we, as a company, are still happening,
but we must address the growing concern I at least have about the presence of other companies in the
market. We are the new entrants; naturally, there are competitor firms out there, but my question is
this: What is our stance in the current situation?', you ask and wait for a shower of responses.
You do not get your shower.
54
What you do get, however, is a calm and structured response from Simone.
'Alex, if I may? Okay. We are in the business of making profit, right?' Simone begins.
'Technically, we are in the business of providing individuals with prized accessories, but carry on', you
couldn't help yourself.
'Right. Yes. We are in the business of providing individuals with prized accessories, and we are working
hard towards creating revenue and generating profit. That said, a focus on market share seems to be
the logical approach to take ourselves to the target faster.'
'That certainly is one way to look at it', you say. 'Any other opinions, musings, thoughts, anyone?'
'Simone has a point, Alex, for sure... thanks, by the way for jumpstarting the discussion', your sales
manager takes the floor, 'but we can look at it from a different angle. We are the new fish in the sea,
and there are plenty of other fish here as well, but there is also plenty of sea to go around. Does that
make sense?' they ask.
'Sure', you agree. 'Valid points, both of you, thanks.'
'Okay, now, to tell you what I think. I believe the best course of action for Draxxon Glass is to...
... start competitively winning market share as soon as possible.'
Go to (123).
... remain on target and provide the service we're providing as we are doing right now; we will grow
just as the rest of the market grows.'
Go to (140).
111.
Finally. You are out for a light lunch with pleasant company. You did good work, you set up your basics,
and are now taking a step back. You're taking a tiny step-back however, because if up-and-coming
businessmen enjoy a meal for too long, they end up becoming the meal.
Competition is fierce, you remind yourself. It is known.
Lucky for you, the person you're having lunch with is both pleasant company and potentially good for
Draxxon Glass.
Kevin Mascotte is a prospective client acquisition manager. As a start-up, you need to carefully consider
who will be the person heading your sales division. They must be superheroes at coordinating and
managing personnel, at contacting and acquiring new clients.
Kevin is an interesting candidate.
'You've seen my resume and you know my story, but I can't stress this enough: I have worked in jewelry
and e-commerce for the past 8 years, climbing the company ladder. That said, I know the industry inside
and out, from the bottom to the top, more, not less', he says assertively.
'I have the technical know-how, and my recommendations, as you will find, are impeccable', he
continues.
'My client portfolio at Astley Clarke is impressive, and I have a sustained relationship with 15% of the
customers.'
55
'Interesting, these numbers do suggest your grasp of the industry is firm', you remark.
Kevin gives you a meaningful look.
'It is.'
Alright, you think, he is not the most charismatic person I can bring on board... Confident, yes, skilled,
absolutely. But has some definite drawbacks. Then again, don't we all? (Nope, you mentally reprise
yourself, I am excellent.)
As lunch draws to an end, you have formed a plan of action.
But before you execute, you are on your way to meet the second promising candidate you singled out.
Sylvia Brodie. She is a champion at being charming and easy-going. Absolutely phenomenal
conversationalist. Talking to her feels like an adventure. Exact opposite of what reading out your own
thoughts must feel like.
You learn that she is a dog person. You aren't that much, but listening to her talk about her Buddy
makes you want to adopt a dog this very instant. She isn't magical, is she, you ask yourself suspiciously.
If not, she must be a Jedi Master at Soft Skills. If she also had the technical know-how Kevin does, the
choice would be a no-brainer.
Unfortunately, she doesn't. But although a client acquisition manager needs to have some industry
specific knowledge, her work experience is impressive enough to make you disregard the gap. Maybe.
You haven't decided yet.
You weigh your options and go for what you believe is the least wrong choice.
You call Kevin and say you're happy with what you have heard so far and would like to formally invite
him on board.  Go to (52).
You call Sylvia and ask her if she can start Monday.
Go to (26).
Go to (19).
You don't like either enough to bring them on board just now. Look for the superhero you set out to
find.
Sylvia and Kevin complement each other in exactly the right way, like two pieces of a two-piece puzzle.
Make an offer to both. Go to (62).
113.
After a more in-depth investigation into the matter, your biggest rival, the analysis shows, is sparkl. A
company that offers vintage hand-made products of, granted, excellent quality. But their delivery is
slow and yours isn't. Your product is premium, theirs doesn't market itself to high-net individuals. It is
a substitute product but not a substitute for yours.
Different weight class, you shrug it off.  You didn't lose energy over a fictitious threat.
Add 16 Money and 3 Productivity points.
If you haven't been on (150), go to (150).
Otherwise, go to (68).
56
114.
'And, wait a minute', Tari interrupts your musings, '...wa-a-i-it, if you squint real hard, what is that I see?'
'A water dispenser?' you snort out sarcastically, raising an eyebrow.
'A-ha!', erupts Tari victoriously, 'A water dispenser! Viva les eau!', and gesticulating ecstatically she
elaborates. 'No, but see Alex! Two superb choices, one half-mundane, one exquisite. I, personally can
jump into either...' You just received a very significant nod.
You frown. Here we go again. You can't. really, you cannot, just jump into a business idea like this!
Selling water? No. Not water. Water services. You can try to distribute water, and install water
dispensers. You can do that online, too, you realise... 'We can set up an e-commerce store for water
dispensers and coolers.', it strikes you. Not as glamorous as selling Aston Martins, but a solid idea. Not
as glamorous as selling expensive jewelry, but a solid idea.
Consider in all seriousness to set up an e-commerce site for water dispensers and coolers.
to (21).
Consider in all seriousness to set up an online jewelry store.
115.
Go to (25).
Rigorous training! Day and night situation simulations! Constant drills.
Your colleagues are happy this is not how you are preparing.
Go
What you do instead is intensive market research. You find out the what-if's, and how-tos of various
possible situations. You strengthen your social media presence.
Surprise: a new company has entered your market with a portfolio not unlike yours. Whаt they do,
however, is in no way directed towards your clientele: you both offer exceptional quality products for
an elite audience. Because each product is a unique piece of jewelry, buying one does not create a
substitute for the other. Their business grows just as yours does.
The resources you allocated to combat-training were misplaced, although they contributed to a more
pronounced brand presence.
Deduct 2 Productivity and 18 Money points, but add 2 Prestige points.
Nonetheless, this whole experience was a wake-up call and set your teeth on edge. You take more
concrete steps towards making it excruciatingly difficult for a rival to establish themselves as a player
on the jewelry market.
Careful military-grade strategizing has left you with two viable options.
Invest in marketing and customer relationship support.
Go to (107).
Slash prices and make the industry less attractive for everyone else.
Go to (38).
57
116.
‘Kh-kh.’ You hear a voice as if both inside your head, and outside. It’s a mighty, all-encompassing sound.
It reminds you of the voice of God, played by Morgan Freeman. Chills run down your spine.
‘Jewelry, earrings, necklaces, watches, with a run-of-the mill design, made with cheap products, and
gotten from cost-leadership suppliers (think an add-on item when you purchase a mid-range perfume)
are not a thing. Especially if they are sold and marketed online. Cheap jewelry doesn’t turn out a profit.
What you want to do should not be done, Alex.
Game over.’
Add 3 Productivity and deduct 17 Money points.
117.
Stevie's handshake is firm and reassuring. You're glad she's on board.
You give her the projected figures and goals for the year to come, hoping she'd get you there, and you
let her work for some time.
Miles travelled per month:
Cost of travelling per mile:
Clients serviced per month:
Clients serviced per vehicle:
3,000
73 cents
1,100
550
Average distance between clients:
2.7 miles
She calls you the next day and offers you the reigns for the following decision. You need to select the
type of vehicles you think will suit your business best. You have two options: large vehicles, which are
more expensive but save time; and smaller vehicles, which are cheaper but more mobile for the city.
What do you choose?
Three large commercial vans; the more expensive but also the BIGGER option.
Go to (128).
Two smaller vehicles; the cheaper and you can make up for the size in number of trips made.
to (119).
119.
Go
'Nicely done, Alex!', says Tari. 'This makes perfect sense. And I hope you got more secure vehicles, too,
right?', she adds.
Of course you did. You're selling jewelry, not potatoes.
'And not just that, I got a firm to review our business plan and progress and they say, and I quote: "Zero
suggestions for improvement". How awesome is that?'
58
In a few weeks’ time your customers are also corroborating this story.
Add 17 Money, 3 Productivity, and 3 Prestige points, and move on to other things already. There is still
a lot left to do.
Upgrade your website and make it truly a pleasant experience to shop. Go to (40).
Equip your office and make it a truly pleasant experience to work.
If you've done all of that, continue the game on (111).
120.
Guess where you just were!
Go to (22).
The Social Media Marketing World convention is just dismantling, and, yes, you were at it. This event,
organised by Social Media Examiner, is the largest social media marketing conference with 100+ of the
world’s top social media professionals including top Facebook Marketing
Expert, Mari Smith and Former Chief Evangelist of Apple, Guy Kawasaki.
You are exhilarated and the insights you got were inspiring beyond your wildest expectations.
This is why you came back! This Spirit that drives small and large business owners. Amazing.  You need
to do a marketing campaign, and you know exactly what to do, given where your business and clients
are.
You are going to hire a testimonial and run a high profile marketing campaign.
Go to (131).
You will prepare a series of informational spots explaining the advantages of buying jewels online (time
saving, a bit cheaper, greater choice, high quality).
Go to (88).
121.
Miss Milch did not emit an air of trustworthiness, and she was the only one you could track down from
the database.
Deduct 2 Productivity from your resources.
You now need to set up the logistics yourself. Again, sitting down (you like sitting), holding a pen to a
piece of paper (you like pens and pieces of paper), you start to plan.
DRAXXON GLASS PROJECTED
Miles travelled per month:
Cost of travelling per mile:
Clients serviced per month:
Clients serviced per vehicle:
3,000
73 cents
1,100
550
Average distance between clients:
2.7 miles
59
'This makes sense', you think out loud to yourself, because you know a good manager is a good
communicator.
'I just need to choose a truck model, make, size, and quantity.'
Easy.
What are you going to choose?
Three large commercial vans; the more expensive but also the BIGGER option.
Go to (128).
Two smaller minivans; the cheaper but more mobile, city-friendly option. You can make up for the size
in number of trips made.
Go to (119).
122.
As you're paying the driver of the moving truck, you can't help but think you've made a wonderful
decision. The city center is precisely where you want to be.
'Brooklyn is for run-of-the-mill services, like, pfftsh, setting up water dispenser or that sort', you mutter
to yourself, smugly. 'It is much more prestigious here. Meetings will happen naturally, will be easier to
organise... Suppliers will also be happier here, it's a lot safer. If we ignore the fact that I am currently
talking to myself, I am a genius!'
You amuse yourself sometimes.
Add 17 Money points, and 3 to both Prestige and Productivity.
Don’t wallow in your triumph too much, you have other things to consider.
For example, your office is still bare.
Go to (22).
You also have a ton of logistics decisions to make. You need to start prioritizing. Go to (28).
Speaking of, there might be nothing more important than building the right web platform to showcase
your business and gain the attention of clients. Go to (40).
123.
The entire office gets an aggressive make-over. Paint strokes on your cheeks, and fierce looks in your
eyes. You are going to war over market share.
Of course, this requires re-focusing, and re-allocation of resources and energy. Done and done. You do
not do things half-decent.
You do them twice as decent.
Besides, your game changing strategy just became palpable. Everyone is present online, even the most
famous of the celebrities. Instagram is full of influencers and their bright-eyed audience who are happy
to spend anything between $2,000 to $20,000 for exclusive accessories.
*Ding*
60
“Hey, Draxxon Glass, thanks for getting in touch. Your products are fantastic and I will be happy to
promote a sample or however many you decide to send over.”
Your first influencer is on board. That was the hard part: now many more will follow.
The people you contacted are not random choices either, these are people who have already been
affiliated with a brand before, and their fans have a preference for that brand too. You are openly trying
to convert a following to yourself.
As the weeks pass and your sales plateau, you re-evaluate. The strategy led to a disastrous loss of focus.
Your energy and resources should have been better spent, not over a futile effort to steal clients away
from other companies, while the industry is still growing. Draxxon Glass starts losing a lot more than
it’s gaining.
Deduct 17 points from Money and 2 from Prestige.
Next time, trust your managers. Plenty of sea for all fish; plenty of pie to go around.
Now, reshuffle your cards and draw again. Where are you going to next?
Blind man’s choice #1.  Go to (78).
Blind man’s choice #2.  Go to (150).
124.
'Your loss.', Tari shrugs, but you have a deep conviction you are right.
You prepare a business plan, P&L projections, the whole shebang, and resume your search for investors.
People like the idea, and think your e-commerce is a solid investment.
They know it's much easier to work with B2B clients. For one, it enables you to avoid the most common
pitfalls of retailer businesses, which are many (at least 3).
Add 17 Money and 1 Productivity points.
Good job! The game continues on (23).
125.
'Your loss', Tari shrugs, but you have a deep conviction you are right. Selling to somebody different from
the established demographic will make you different from the rest and that'd attract clientele.
You prepare a business plan, P&L projections, the whole shebang, and resume your search for investors.
What follows is a nasty surprise. People don't even seem to like the idea, and nobody is willing to
commit. Why? Do they know something you don't?
You bet they do. There are a thousand reasons (at least 3) your "ground-breaking" e-commerce will fail,
and it's an insane investment. For one, you chose to offer a premium product which you cannot really
sell at an Average-Joe prices.
Give up the search and GAME OVER.
Admit your initial judgement may have been wrong, and go back to (9).
61
126.
As you're paying the driver of the moving truck, you can't help but think you've made a wonderful
decision. The place has extra space, it can accommodate any needs that arise; it's in a colorful
neighbourhood, lots of different culture. It's an excellent urban office. And it cost a little less.
As time begins to pass, however, you start to develop doubts. You don't really see many firms of your
calibre around here. Premium products need a premium postcode.
This decision was a hiccup. Surprising, unpleasant, but not something you cannot recover from.
Deduct 17 points from Money, and 3 from each Productivity and Prestige.
But what's done is done. Now, you have other things to consider. For example, your office is still bare.
 Go to (22).
You also have a ton of logistics decisions to make. You need to start prioritizing. Go to (28).
Speaking of, there might be nothing more important than building the right web platform to showcase
your business and gain the attention of clients. Go to (40).
127.
'Your loss', Tari shrugs, but you have a deep conviction you are right.
You prepare a business plan, P&L projections, the whole shebang, and resume your search for investors.
People like the idea, and think your e-commerce is a solid investment.
They know it's good to work with high-net clients who can afford your premium products at your
premium prices.
Add 17 Money and 1 Productivity points.
Good job! The game continues on (23).
128.
You formalize the purchase. The result will be at your office building in 7-10 days. It will probably even
drive itself.
As you start trying out manoeuvres and city parking, you realize it really is more packed than you would
like it to be. You can load everything in the trucks without having to come back to the warehouse
repeatedly, which is cool. But your clients seem to live on the smaller streets, same as you and Tari, and
big trucks feel like awkward elephants trying to walk a flowery meadow without crushing any flowers.
Besides, you deliver jewelry. Okay, you need protective cases, safes, and so on, but you still have enough
space in one truck to pack up your home and relocate.
Come on, big trucks at least mean prestige, you think.
Regardless, deduct 18 Money points from your total.
62
Now, choose which arrangements to move on to.
Selecting a website design and building your platform. Go to (40).
Equipping the office for hard work (about time!).
If you've done all of that, continue the game on (111).
129.
Tari sets her phone on speaker.
Go to (22).
'Hi, Geoff, it's Tari', she says 'Alex and I are back... Haha, yes, quite a journey, I know. Listen, Alex and I
are thinking of starting a business - e-commerce jewelry - and we're thinking of setting it up as a retail
where the average female is our target audience: they get in touch and we cater to them.'
'Hey Geoff, it's Alex', you interrupt. 'That's the main idea, yes, but we really wanted to get your input
first before setting the whole thing up. That seem sound?'
*'Hey guys, okay, yeah, that's an idea, but you won't get your business off the ground like this. The
average person does not shop for good jewelry unless it's a super special occasion. I suppose you want
to shake up the status quo and make profit by being different, right? But keep in mind that you'll still
need to invest a whole lot into your offering. Don't mean to be harsh but it's just not going to work. Do
the breakeven analysis. It'll be downright impossible to come out on top.’*.
You can feel a nasty burning feeling behind your ears.
*'Sorry to be bearer of bad news but you asked. Listen, I can't talk long, but I'm happy to get back on
the phone if you need someone to bounce ideas off of, alright? Tari, thanks for calling, nice hearing you
again.'*
Deduct a Productivity point and 17 Money points.
Trust Geoff. Go back to (109) and revise your choice.
Don’t trust Geoff. End your game here.
Tari sets her phone on speaker.
130.
'Hi, Geoff, it's Tari', she says 'Alex and I are back... Haha, yes, quite a journey, I know.  Listen, Alex and I
are thinking of starting a business - Water dispenser and cooling systems - and we're thinking of setting
it up as a B2B where primarily corporate clients will get in touch and we cater to them.'
'Hey Geoff, it's Alex', you interrupt. 'That's the main idea, yes, but we will also try to serve some private
individuals as well, families, and so on, diversify the revenue. That seem sound?'
*'Hey Alex, yes, that sounds like a solid concept. It is much easier to work with B2B clients. And it can
be very profitable if you are efficient, you know? You guys need to figure out a lot of logistics but
otherwise, a a great move on your end! And revenue diversification? Neat.’*
You are almost gloating.
63
*'Listen, I gotta go, duty calls, but if you need someone to bounce ideas off, I'm here.
Tari, nice catching up!'*
Add 19 Money and 2 Productivity points.
Tari is happy, too, and the topic is closed.
The game continues on (23).
131.
"My name is Tom Brady, and I approve this message", reads the end of the ad you decided to go with.
'Guys, I hope you're as excited as I am for this. We were incredibly lucky to get Tom Brady on board,
he's an NFL legend, and, no, I am honestly too excited...', you try to make a coherent statement, and
fail.
As soon as the ads start running, you see that brand awareness is increasing. Stars tend to have that
effect.
Especially when your brand is trying to closely link itself to high net worth customers.
Surprisingly, the ad hit a nerve with your existing clients as well. They are becoming "Glassers" just
because they associate Draxxon Glass with the super prestigious Tom Brady.
Add 17 Money and 2 Prestige points.
If you haven’t been to (68), the game continues on (68).
Otherwise, go to (145).
www.draxxonglass.com looks amazing.
132.
The 360-degree view of your products is on par with BMW's showroom website. Using the website is a
visual adventure, and you can't stop clicking around viewing your products. Even in bed.
Better yet, you have a growing client list to show for the validity of your choice. A premium brand needs
something extra. As simple as that.
'Alex, shut that thing off. Ple-eh-ease' fails to stifle a yawn Tari.
'Sorry, sorry, I will. Just tell me, did you play with the VR optimisation on the website yet?' You cannot
help but be excited.
'You'll show me tomorrow. I promise.' Tari ends the conversation.
But as tomorrow comes, you realise you must tend to other matters too.
Add 2 Productivity and 2 Prestige points.
Tackle Draxxon Glass logistics.  Go to (28).
Tackle your equipment-less office space.
Go to (22).
64
If you've done all of that, continue the game on (111).
133.
"Three for two means more for me and more for you", reads the Draxxon Glass social media campaign
you just started running. You are using your Instagram presence to appeal to both high-net worth
individuals, and their peer group of slightly lower socio-economic status.
But your customer demographic doesn't switch slightly. It changes with the speed of a well-buttered
bullet. For everyone, a 3-for-2 campaign translates to lower quality products. Even when it makes
perfect sense to invest less and gain more, people who care about being perceived as generous would
not buy something that is supposed to expensive at a discounted price.
If they are considering buying your product as a Thanksgiving present, they are more likely to pay the
full price for a small accessory ($700) than the discount price for something which ought to cost a lot
($800 on sale, and $1.300 original pricing). The amount of value you get for the money you pay is rarely
considered in a gift-giving situation. And with a customer base that seeks out differentiated products,
your massive campaign backfires.
This pervasive perception bias had a disastrous effect on your business. You should have let the other
willing companies carry out their suicide mission all by themselves.
Deduct 3 Prestige and 18 Money points, and continue to (93).
134.
An elderly man is sitting in his garden. The crevices of his wrinkles create the impression he has been
through enough and more. He may have. Three young men are gathered around him, his sons. If you
come closer, you will hear what he's telling them.
'I am about to set off on a trip, I will be gone for a year, but I will make it back.'
'Where are you going, Pa?' asks the youngest.
'A trip for work. And I will come back with a bag full of gold. Now, gather closer. Today, I give each of
you a pouch with 10 gold coins. You have a year to do with them as you please and when I come back I
will speak to each of you again, and I will reward or punish you accordingly.'
The year passed and the three brothers had each gone their separate way. The oldest had decided to
keep his father's gold safe. He put it in a vault, and when the calendar made a complete turn, he took
it out and showed it to his father.
The second brother invested in a business idea that ended up failing. He effectively lost the gold.  The
youngest brother saw what his two brothers did and invested in stable stock. He knew this will have a
secure return although small. In the end, he wound up with the most money.
When their father consulted with them after his return, he was equally proud with the youngest and
the second brother, whereas the oldest had brought him only bitter disappointment.
'Life is about making decisions, and taking risks', he said to the oldest brother. Because you didn't do
any of that, there is no action for me to reward. You will receive nothing.  The other two brothers were
equally well rewarded by their father, their initial bag of gold, doubled.
65
This is a story your mother used to tell you when you were young. It stuck. You know not to make the
mistake of standing still and playing it safe.
Besides, improving the quality of your product is a direct continuation of the strategy Draxxon Glass is
following: differentiation. A better product stands out. You hope this will pay off in the long run.
Add 19 Money and 2 Prestige points.
Move on to point 1. Should we take charge of more activities throughout the value chain?
to (30).
Move on to point 2. Should we merge with another start-up?
Go to (67).
If you have exhausted all points on the agenda, move on to (142).
135.
Tari sets her phone on speaker.
Go
'Hi, Geoff, it's Tari', she says 'Alex and I are back... Haha, yes, quite a journey, I know. Listen, Alex and I
are thinking of starting a business - e-commerce jewelry - and we're thinking of setting it up as a retail
where the average female is our target audience: they get in touch and we cater to them.'
'Hey Geoff, it's Alex', you interrupt. 'That's the main idea, yes, but we really wanted to get your input
first before setting the whole thing up. That seem sound?'
*'Hey guys, okay, yeah, that's an excellent idea! Pretty much the only way you will survive in this line of
business is if you manage to sell to premium clients and you do it at premium prices. Just think about
your initial investments into materials and designs. Even like this, it may be a rocky start but I think you
can do it. Good, good thinking.’*
You exhale - you didn't even realise you'd been holding your breath.
*'Listen, I can't talk long, but I'm happy to get back on the phone if you need someone to bounce ideas
off of, alright? Tari, thanks for calling, nice hearing you again.'*
Add 19 Money and 2 Productivity points.
Add Geoff to your list of Allies.
Nothing more to do here.
The game continues on (23).
You hang up and send the following email.
Hi Stevie,
136.
This is regarding the brief conversation we had on the phone earlier today.
66
Our company is called Draxxon Glass. We are an e-commerce jewelry store, and sell and deliver premium-quality
personal accessories.
As you recall, I got in touch because I need a consultant to assist me in setting up the logistics. Given that we do
everything from client contact to delivery, you can see how our logistics efforts are what is going to either make or
break our business.
Here are some projected figures to get you acquainted with Draxxon Glass and its goals.
Miles travelled per month:  3,000
Cost of travelling per mile:  73 cents
Clients serviced per month:
Clients serviced per vehicle:
1,100
550
Average distance between clients:  2.7 miles
Hope this sheds more light on the situation.
And thanks again, Stevie, for taking the time to look over this.
Looking forward to working with you.
Best wishes,
Alex Field
You click *send*.
In a week, Stevie gets back to you.
Hey Alex,
Thanks for the email.
I looked over the numbers and things are as us to be expected.
Just to make sure you are informed, my consulting fees start at $100 an hour. What we can do is set terms and
create a time frame for the project, and agree upon a project fee instead of the by-hourly fare.
If we manage to set everything up in 30 hours, I would expect a compensation of $3,000.
Let me know.
Best,
Stevie
67
How do you respond?
'Sounds fair, let's meet up and shake on it.'
Go to (117).
'Given that I will also be working alongside you on the project, and we'll be sharing the weight, I believe
a compensation that fairly reflects the terms of our arrangement will be around $2,300.'  Go to (102).
'I don't think we can reach an agreement on these terms. I am happy to shake hands on $2,300 but not
a cent more.
Go to (121).
137.
'And, wait a minute', Tari interrupts your musings, '...wa-a-i-it, if you squint real hard, what is that I se
'
'More water?' you snort out sarcastically, raising an eyebrow.
'A-ha!', erupts Tari victoriously, 'A jewelry store! Look at the reflection. Viva les eau!1', and gesticulating
ecstatically she elaborates, 'No, but seriously, Alex! We now have two superb choices, one half
mundane, one exquisite. I, personally can jump into either...' You just received a very significant nod.
Here she goes again, you think. You can't just jump into a random business idea -- and you don't really
have an idea at all, do you? What are you going to do, you can't open up a jewelry store on 5th Avenue.
Are you going to be selling jewelry onlin-... 'We can be an online jewelry store!' it strikes you.
Consider in all seriousness to set up an online jewelry store.
Go to (25).
Consider in all seriousness to set up an e-commerce site for water dispensers and coolers.
to (21).
138.
"Buy a necklace for $3,950 and complement it with $50 earrings."
Go
Just thinking about it makes you laugh. You cannot put exquisite and cheap together. But kudos to that
guy for trying.
Add 4 Prestige points.
If you have already decided on matters of changing product prices, go to (69).
Otherwise, go to (105).
139.
Fate favors the bold. In a jewelry business the last thing your clients are is price-sensitive. You should
have taken the leap, you realise.
Deduct 18 points of Money, 3 of each Prestige, and Productivity.
1(Fr.) Long live the water!
68
Go to (95).
140.
You come back to work as focused as ever. You have one goal, and one goal only: gain clients.
Once you have them, inspire brand loyalty. There is enough business for both the other companies and
you, so you decide there is no need to steal other companies' client base, and be proclaimed, you know,
King Jackass.
Instead, you try to get an army of fashionable people to wear your jewelry. Clients need to get
accustomed to seeing your brand and products.
As soon as you implement this approach, purchases start to happen.
'Fantastic job, team. We're on the radar!' You shout out to everyone. Open offices are fun.
Draxxon Glass is on target, has a laser-focused plan, and is generating revenue.
Add 19 Money points to your balance, and congratulate your colleagues for a job well done.
And let’s get adventurous. There is a lot more to happen to you, so take a die (or a coin), roll it (or flip
it), and if you get a number between 1 and 3 (or heads), go to (150).
If you get a number between 4 and 6 (or tails), go to (78).
141.
After a more in-depth investigation into the matter, you biggest rival, the analysis shows, is Sparkl. A
company that offers vintage hand-made products of, granted, excellent quality.  But their delivery is
slow and yours isn't. Your product is premium, theirs doesn't market itself to high-net individuals. It is
a substitute product but not a substitute for yours. You would have done better to shrug it off, not
invest time and worry into the endeavour.
You lost energy over a fictitious threat.
Deduct 16 Money point and 3 Productivity points.
Go to (150).
142.
Draxxon Glass made the cut for NYC's Small Businesses Top 100 List.
'Good job, team! That's a major, major achievement', you congratulate everyone.
'Now, it's time we got super serious about the money and hired a financial analyst. We want to be in
Top 10 next year, okay?'
You're quick to set the agenda.
This time, you're recruiting with a recruiter. The ad you decided to go with reads:
69
Draxxon Glass, a local leader in the e-commerce jewelry industry, is currently seeking a
full-time Financial Analyst. The position will provide primary support for the operations
in NYC. The ideal candidate will be creative, a self-starter, and with impeccable attention
to detail. The position is bas in NYC.
Responsibilities:  - - - - - - -
Financial Planning & Analysis
Partner with territory managers to develop full understanding of their
organization’s operating budgets and strategic priorities
Responsible for budgeting, forecasting, reporting, and analyzing overhead, G&A,
and Sales & Marketing expenses
Manage marketing PO creation and own reporting and tracking of marketing
expenses
Monthly financial reporting
Create and develop accurate financial and management reports to drive month end
process - Provide monthly actual versus plan and forecast variance analysis to
business partners and territory leaders, including explanation of key drivers -
Facilitate month and quarter end close (accruals) and intercompany transactions
Work with business partners to improve financial planning and reporting processes
Qualifications  - - - - - - - - -
2+ years of relevant financial analysis experience
Bachelor’s degree (Finance, Accounting, Economics or related business discipline)
Personality which thrives in casual, fun, yet demanding work environment
Strong communication skills
Excellent quantitative and analytical skills
Working knowledge of IFRS, GAAP, finance concepts, and internal controls
An ever-present desire to learn and grow
Team player that can listen and communicate effectively with client groups, analyze
needs, and find best practice solutions
MS Excel, Hyperion Planning & Essbase, Oracle PBCS, Microstrategy, and
PeopleSoft preferred
Four candidates made the recruiter's cut and are presented for your consideration.
Ellen, 28 years old, started as a supply chain assistant, worked as a Marketing Analyst for three years,
and is ready for her next career move.
Thomas, 26 years old, worked as a business process analyst for the last three years, before that he was
a financial analyst in a small firm.
70
Cathleen, 33 years old, worked as a controller for five years, then worked as a financial analyst for two
years, and now she’s looking for her next job after maternity.
Edward, 36 years old, eight years of accounting, three years as a financial analyst, and two years as a
finance manager. Has been unemployed for a year.
Who will you hire?
Ellen
Thomas
Cathleen
Edward
Go to (53).
Go to (27).
Go to (35).
Go to (46).
143.
'TARI, IT'S LIVE! DraxxonGlass.com is on Google and everything. Come have a look', you gesture towards
yourself.
'Ooh, it's super smooth and clean. This is almost as satisfying as looking at unlikely objects fitting neatly
in one another. It's fantastic, Alex. It's classy but also seems to follow all the rules for user experience,
am I right?' Tari asks.
'Totally', you proudly agree.
The data coming in doesn't share your enthusiasm, however. The bounce rate is higher than expected
or certainly not as low as you thought it'd be. Your client list isn't having a JUMP UP JUMP UP moment
either.
'Simple and clean is classy, but we might need to stay on message more. Hm. Like, we're offering a very
special product, not Kinder eggs cars and slingshots. DraxxonGlass.com must make a loud statement:
We are bold. We innovate. We set the trends. Do you know what I mean?' Tari steps in, putting a hand
on your shoulder.
'Yeah, okay. Anyway, we'll wait and see. We'll find a way to work around that later', you say.
Deduct 1 point from Money, and 2 from both Prestige, and Productivity.
The life of a businessman doesn't wait for those who make miscalculations, and you must power on.
What's your next step?
Time to rectify the equipment-less office.
The office is fine, but the logistics aren't.
Go to (22).
Go to (28).
You have covered all of the basics, so you continue the game on (111).
71
144.
'Alex, you are an amazing businessman slash genius', shares her expert opinion with you Ika.
'I know, I know' you say, pulling on your dispensers.
'We will start working on the campaign immediately. There are new customers coming in every minute,
this is a growing market after all, and we should target them all, right?'
'Yep. Our platform must be definitely in consideration when they decide they are in need of expensive
jewelry that's easily accessible.'
'Expensive shiny playthings', Ika chuckles.
'Expensive shiny playthings.' You agree.
Add 20 Money and 4 Prestige points and strut proudly onto (120).
145.
Cookies are great, thank the creator for the cookies, you think. (And while readers may ask themselves:
chocolate chip or peanut butter cookies, what is referred to here are internet browser cookies.)
Thanks to cookies, you discover that sparkl., a competitor on the market, has started a marketing
campaign that actually threatens your business this time.
sparkl. didn't used to be a threat, because a growing market meant a lot of customers for everyone.
But now they are offering a classic 3-for-2 bundle deal, which equals stepping onto your territory.
Clearly, sparkl. is appealing to the customers with lower buying capabilities, but those are customers
you could have attracted, too. Draxxon Glass has a differentiated profile, but it is also firmly against
losing prospective customers.
But you are cornered now, and the knife is hitting bone. Your only out, it seems, is to respond with your
own version of the 3-for-2.
You will do it.
Go to (133).
You are not going to do it.
*Patter-pATter-pattER*
Go to (7).
146.
This is the sound butterfly wings make when a butterfly flutters by your ear. You may recognise it; if
not, consider going out more.
You took your own advice not to worry and instead organized a team building event on a butterfly farm.
You have been instructed on how to ensure you are gentle when catching them, how not to hurt them,
and how to release them back into the world.
Your phone notifies you that another company is beginning to gain speed in e-commerce jewelry but
your own numbers don't seem to be affected.
72
'When the business is differentiated, when our products are original and different, then it will take
Herculean efforts to steal our market share', you explain to the gorgeous Blue
Pansy in your net, before you release her.
Invigorated by this non-consequential update, you yell out:
'MORE BUTTERFLIIIIES!', and swoop to catch another one.
Add 18 Money and 2 Productivity points.
Still, your awareness is heightened by the entrance of new players and you’re wondering what can be
done to prevent this in the future.
You decide to invest in marketing and customer relationship support.
You slash prices and by and large make the industry less attractive.
147.
Go to (107).
Go to (38).
Stevie and you meet for lunch on Tuesday, at 1 pm. You booked a table at a vegan sushi restaurant,
because you like to avoid awkward situations.
You discuss the weather, where taxpayers' money goes, the weather... until you reach the looming topic
of Business.
'So, what kind of business are we talking about?' asks Stevie.
'We are called Draxxon Glass, and we are a company that sells and delivers jewelry, as an e-commerce…'
'...and that's why you need a logistics superhero', she smirks. 'Awesome! I can definitely help you get
set up. But my time doesn't come for free.'
'I know, I know, "There ain't no such things as a free lunch" as they say', you remark. 'I've done this kind
of thing before, and we arranged the compensation according to the project timeline. Does that sound
like something you can do? We're talking something in the ballpark of $1,800.'
'My fee is $100 per hour, but we can work around it. Certainly $1,800 sounds like a fair number now,
but it will be hectic work, and we may work overtime. The real numbers you're thinking of are around
30 hours of work. That said, $2,300 and you sharing some of the load sounds a lot more normal, doesn't
it?'
What do you say?
'Alright. Sounds fair. Let's shake on it.'
Go to (117).
'I don't think we can reach an agreement on these terms. I am happy to shake hands on $1,800 but not
a cent more. Thanks for the lunch.'
Go to (121).
148.
Inhaling deeply.
'I love the smell of money in the morning', you say, very much reminding yourself of a grotesque
children's animation character.
73
You don't mean to be evil, though. Your pricing strategy is paying off, and Draxxon Glass is making profit.
It isn't such a terrible fate selling to wealthy customers. In fact, since your price increase new clients
have come on board, accepting our brand as "premium enough" for their own exquisite tastes.
Add 22 Money and 3 Prestige points.
Go to (95).
149.
Like Mary Shelley and her most famous character, your decision to join forces with Chiccone resulted
in a marvellous new entity. Unfortunately, like Mary Shelley and her most famous character, this new
entity turns out to be despised by the people in the Village, and around.
"If I wanted a bargain, I would go to a flea market", a comment by a customer called "RichRitch001".
Draxxon Glass is losing its premium appeal, you worry.
Deduct 4 Prestige and 19 Money points.
If you have already decided on matters of changing product prices, go to (69).
Otherwise, go to (105).
150.
'Okay, everybody, we aren't competing with existing companies,' your acquisition manager pops a head
above a monitor, 'but are we going to just sit around and play nice if new companies start entering the
market, same as us? Shouldn't we consider the possible threat that imposes?'
'Valid question. But the thing is, how will they threaten us?'', you respond. 'I mean, even if you think
about a company entering the e-commerce jewelry track, how are they going to compete with us? Are
they going to start selling cheaper products beating everybody else's prices including ours? That's
probably not going to last. We are in the premium section of businesses: we sell gold, precious stones,
and so forth. Cheap doesn't scream "QUALITY", and that's exactly the war cry you need for this trade.'
'That's the thing. But if they offer the exact same product? If they start aggressively targeting our market
share?' Your manager, whoever you chose, defends the point.
'I suppose that's one way things can start heading south for us, yep. But our products are as good as
the standard-level premium product can be. They would really need to up the level of exclusivity to
convince people to bounce from our platform and go to theirs', you conclude.
'It's possible they innovate or offer high-tech customization?' joins the discussion Simone.  That's true,
you agree using your inner voice.
'That's true', you agree, using your outer voice.
Take some preparatory action and be on stand-by.
Go to (115).
You still think new companies are no threat and innovation is as likely to happen as is you organizing
Ari's next birthday in the White House. (Ari is born on the 29th of February, so technically, *technically*,
this is not entirely impossible.) Go to (146).
74
151.
A log. An old log, hollow on the inside. It's filled with animals of all sorts: in couples, or in small herds.
Families, most of them. Sloths, tigers, tortoises, anteaters, hedgehogs.  One particular hedgehog is what
you're thinking about. He's old, a grandpa of seven. All animals have started to abandon the log, some
respectable reason drives them to do so. The old hedgehog, however, is reluctant.
'Come on, Grandpa, we need to go...' His seven grandkids are pulling at his leg, but he's holding on for
dear life.
'No! I'm not going! I was born on this log, and here is where I'll die!'.
Yep, stubborn.
You recognise yourself in the Grandpa.
All your advisors advise you, after the fact, that this was not the smartest decision. Draxxon Glass is a
premium business and you're supposed to follow a product differentiation strategy. A better supplier
promising a better product ticks all the boxes for your type of company.
Your competitors know it, and you soon start seeing the Italian products on their website.
Deduct 19 Money and 2 Prestige points.
Move on to 1. Should we take charge of more activities throughout the value chain?
(30).
Move on to 2. Should we merge with another start-up?  Go to (67).
If you have exhausted all points on the agenda, move on to (142).
152.
'It's time fo-o-or?' you ask everyone.
It's the last Friday of the month, and you all know what that means.
'LaserTag!' shouts back the office.
Go to
The last Friday of the month you leave work early and everyone goes lazer-tagging. It's a fun team
building extravaganza and it's one of the office traditions you hold dearest. You all receive a healthy
dose of rivalry and a fresh start on Monday.
This week, however, something strange happens as you go to the place. There is someone waiting for
you.
He is wearing casual clothes but you can sense an air of professional courtesy surrounding your small
talk.
'I have a business proposition for you, Alex of Draxxon Glass.' he says finally. 'I realize it's a Friday and
my approach is unconventional but tell you what - let me play with you, and if my team wins, you'll give
me some of your time to hear out my proposition.' This guy is cocky.
'And if I win?' you retort.
75
'We part ways, and I never try to contact you again.' He smirks. 'But you won't.'
The game unfolds and he is an Olympics-level laser-tag champion. If there were such a thing.
The team he led, won, and you gave him the time of day.
'I am a representative of a company called Chiccone. We deal with smaller more accessible accessories
and jewelry. We would like to sell our products next to yours on your platform. It will be a less expensive
add-on item, like petite earrings, and very small and delicate pendants, and you would expand your
offering. Am I sensing a Yes approaching?'
'It is indeed. I assume the synergies will be interesting, too. We can discuss formalities over a formal
meeting on Monday.'  Go to (149).
'No offence, but not really. It just doesn't particularly fit our business model. Great game, though!'
Go to (138).