n
1
i
The Intergalactic Federation just finished the 11-Delta-X Entrepreneurship summit. As members of the
Federation are pouring out of the Headquarters, you can hear an excited murmur. They are discussing
a pale blue dot of a planet in the Orion Arm of the Milky Way Galaxy. It has been voted the most suitable
planet to launch a business venture. Earth.
Earth, with its constantly emerging business accelerators and crowdfunding campaigns. With its mass
quantities of inspired educated young people. With its engineering talent. Earth, your home planet.
You were born there 29 years ago, and your name is Alex Field. As it also happens, you are the main
character here.
"I should go back" -- you think -- "I should go back, and build a legacy. Tari has been wanting to return
to Earth for a while now, ever since Ari was born."
"We can start something meaningful."
d
You go back to the Pale Blue Dot.
Go to (2).

n
2
i
America. The land of opportunities. You haven't been paying much attention to the doings and
happenings of the past 11 years, and coming home is a bit of a shock. Tari can't remember the last time
she saw you this wide-eyed.
The cab-ride to your new home is an endless stream of "Oohs!" and "Look at that's!". You know it's no
11-Delta-X but considering what the state of things was when you left, this is Ooh!worthy, no question
there.
Your house is a New York City brownstone, tucked in tightly between two large concrete buildings.
"These weren't there before", you think, looking at the enormous neighbors, "but, oh, man, do I love
the character contrast."
As you set your bags down, and put Ari to sleep, you start to itch to go out into the city; so new, so
buzzing, so full of opportunities. You yearn to drink from the fountain of inspiration the Big Apple is.
The Big Apple. It would have been disastrous if you returned and the only cash you had with you was
11-Delta-X currency. But you were smart when you were young. Remember the late 90’s, when the
cryptocurrency hype was not even big? You sensed it coming. Or you were incredibly lucky and
unreasonably brave with your hard-earned 12,000 American dollars. Returning the balls at a bowling
alley was a lot of work, no, really! Regardless, investing the money in BitCoin is paying off now. You
have $2.7 million worth of pocket money (okay, starting capital). Whew. Truly.
Tari is all ready to go, and snaps you out of reminiscence. You call in a sitter, and off you go.
d
Go to Times Square.
Go to (37).
Go to Rockefeller Center.
Go to (14).

n
14
i
'Sometimes my choices truly are bizarre, aren't they?' you ask Tari, 'Why on Earth (haha, pun) did I think
Rockefeller Center won't be an informational overload. This won't do much to stimulate our business
idea stimulation I don't think...'
'Oh, come on now, don't be such a drama queen, Alex', Tari chuckles amused, 'I am sure we can find at
least one thing you'd like to do. Rockefeller. Center.' She spreads her arms. 'Just close your eyes and
point at something. You do it enough times and we're bound to find something that strikes Your fancy,...
Your Highness.'
'Hahaha, right. Leave our livelihood to chance, is that what you're offering?' You are not even trying to
hide the little sparkle in your eyes, you are having fun - this is absurd, but you're good at absurd. 'Shall
I do a little spin before pointing first, Tari, we might even knock the hat off a completely unsuspecting
tourist while we're at it!'
'Sure, sure. Need a hand to accelerate and make it worthwhile? Just point, Alex, go ahead, we have a
future to ridiculously select.'
You put a hand over your eyes, stretch out the other in an overly pronounced manner - 'What a majestic
pointer dog I've been living with!' Tari retorts, and gives you a spin.
No accidents - not a single eye poked out, or a cheek bruised.
'So? What am I pointing at?'
'Check for yourself...'
You peek through your fingers and laugh aloud, half-sarcastically.
'A water dispenser? Really? And I did that all by myself? How opportune!', you tease.
'Destiny works in mysterious ways, Alex, don't go on making unjust assumptions, now...', Tari laughs.
You frown a little. All in good tone, but is Tari really taking this so lightly? You can't just jump into a
random business idea -- and you don't really have an idea at all, do you? What are you going to do, start
selling water, no. Not water. Water services. You can try to distribute water, and install water
dispensers. You can do that online, too, you realise... 'We can set up an e-commerce store for water
dispensers and coolers.', it strikes you. Not as glamorous as selling Aston Martins, but a solid idea.
d
Consider in all seriousness to set up an e-commerce site for water dispensers and coolers.
Go to (21).
This is just not serious enough, continue thinking.
Go to (137).

n
37
i
'Sometimes my choices truly are bizarre, aren't they?' you ask Tari, 'Why on Earth (pun) did I think Times
Square won't be an informational overload. This won't do much to stimulate our business idea
stimulation, I don't think...'
'Oh, come on now, don't be such a drama queen, Alex', Tari chuckles, amused, 'I am sure we can find
at least one thing you'd like to do. Times. Square.' She spreads her arms, 'Just close your eyes and point
at something. You do it enough times and we're bound to find something that strikes Your fancy,... Your
Highness.'
'Hahaha, right. Leave our livelihood to chance, is that what you're offering?' you are not even trying to
hide the little sparkle in your eyes, you are having fun - this is absurd, but you're good at absurd. 'Shall
I do a little spin before pointing first, Tari, we might even knock the hat off a completely unsuspecting
tourist while we're at it!'
'Sure, sure. Need a hand to accelerate and make it worthwhile? Just point, Alex, go ahead, we have a
future to ridiculously select.'
You put a hand over your eyes, stretch out the other in an overly pronounced manner - 'What a majestic
pointer dog I've been living with!'  Tari retorts, and gives you a spin.   No accidents - not a single eye
poked out, or a cheek bruised.
'So? What am I pointing at?'
'Check for yourself...'
You peek through your fingers and laugh aloud.
'A jewelry store? Really? And I did that all by myself? How opportune!' you tease.
'Destiny works in mysterious ways, Alex, don't go on making unjust assumptions, now...', Tari laughs.
You frown a little. All in good tone, but is Tari really taking this so lightly? You can't, really, you cannot,
just jump into a business idea. You can't open up a jewelry store on 5th Avenue. Are you going to be
selling jewelry onli-... 'We can sell jewelry online!’ it strikes you.
d
Consider in all seriousness to set up an online jewelry store.
Go to (25).
This is just not serious enough, continue thinking.
Go to (114).
